



Venue & Travel | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Venue & Travel
Visa Request
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Evening Event


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Venue & Travel					




Skip to page sectionVenue InformationHotel InformationGetting There


Venue Information



Alliander
Dijkgraaf 46921 RL Duiven
This year’s event will take place at Alliander. 








Hotel Information
The Linux Foundation has not contracted rooms at this property and cannot guarantee rates or availability.
Best Western Plus Hotel HaarhuisStationsplein 1Arnhem, The Netherlands, 6811KGNetherlandsHotel Direct Number: +31 26 442 7441
For a 10% discount on your stay, please contact zaalreserveringen@hotelhaarhuis.nl to the attention of Ms. M. van Creij and reference the discount code LFE2020 to make your reservation.  Discounts are limited and available on a first come, first serve basis.
From the Best Western Plus Hotel Haarhuis, taxi buses will be provided for transportation to Duiven.



Getting There

Airport Information
Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport (AMS)Arnhem is located 110km to the northwest. 
The train from AMS to Arnhem station takes approximately 75 minutes and costs around €17.70 one way.  From Arnhem Centraal station, taxi buses will be provided for transportation to Duiven.
Taxi Buses
Taxi buses will be provided for transportation from Arnhem to Duiven.  Taxi buses will depart from the Best Western Hotel Haarhuis opposite to the Central Station (railway) of Arnhem.  Buses will be available 7:45 – 8:45.  There will be a crew member outside of the hotel to direct attendees.
Driving Directions
Directions from the Amsterdam-Schiphol Airport
Public Transportation
Train to Arnhem (nearest station to Duiven): Arnhem has four train stations with Arnhem Central serving as the main station.  Arnhem Centraal is on the Amsterdam — Frankfurt am Main InterCity Express (ICE) line.
Parking
Limited parking is available next to the venue, Dijkgraaf 6, Duiven.  Parking will be marked ‘LFE Parking’ and available beginning at 7:30.
Parking Location




 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Venue & Travel
Visa Request
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Evening Event

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










