



Venue & Travel | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Featured Keynote Speakers


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Leadership & Community Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Leadership & Community Events. 






 


						Venue & Travel					




Skip to page sectionVenue InformationHotel InformationGetting There


Venue Information



Silverado Resort and Spa
1600 Atlas Peak RoadNapa Valley, CA 94558





Hotel Information
Please note, rooms will most likely sell out in advance of the room block close dates listed below. We encourage you to book early to secure a room at the conference rate.
Important: The Linux Foundation will never reach out to attendees by phone to make hotel reservations for our conferences. Please be advised that the most secure way to book in our discounted room block is by using the direct booking link provided below or by calling the hotel directly. If you receive a phone call or email from someone claiming to be with The Linux Foundation or the hotel and they attempt to sell you a hotel room, please email us at housing@linuxfoundation.org.  
Need more info or have questions? Please contact us at housing@linuxfoundation.org.  



At the Silverado Resort and Spa, we have negotiated the discounted rate of $239, plus $30 per room, per night resort fee (taxable at 15%).
Resort Fee Includes: Self and Valet Parking, unlimited wireless internet access throughout the property, unlimited local and toll-free calls, in-room coffee and tea, tennis on 10 lighted courts, access to the fitness center plus any of the 30 fitness classes offered weekly, golf bag storage, property-wide transportation, complimentary wine tasting voucher that can be redeemed at the Mansion Bar or the Grill Bar.
Room Block Closes: October 18, 2021(Please note, the rate is valid until the cut-off date or the room block is full)
Dates with Availability: October 31; November 1, 2, 3
SOLD OUT



Hotel Rating: ★★★★ | Hotel Website
Cancellation Policy7 days prior to arrival, to avoid a full length of stay charge.
Early Departure FeeFull length of stay charges will apply for early departure.
No-Show FeeFull length of stay charges will apply for no-shows.



Alternate Lodging Options
The Linux Foundation has not contracted rooms at these properties and cannot guarantee rates or availability.


Cambria Hotel Napa Valley320 Soscol Ave, Napa, CA 94559707-224-3400Distance to Silverado Resort: 4.1 miles, 9-minute driveRating: ★★★ 


Hotel Indigo, an IHG Hotel4195 Solano Ave, Napa, CA 94558707-253-9300Distance to Silverado Resort: 4.5 miles, 10-minute driveRating: ★★★ 






Getting There



Airport Information
From San Francisco International Airport (SFO)Distance to Venue: 61 milesEstimated Driving Time to Venue: 75 minutesEstimated Taxi Cost: $150 USD
From Oakland International Airport (OAK)Distance to Venue: 53 milesEstimated Driving Time to Venue: 70 minutesEstimated Taxi Cost: $150 USD


Parking
Self-parking and Valet at Silverado Resort is complimentary for day use.




Alternate Transportation
Veterans AirporterFee: $180 USD (one way)Reservations Required


Driving Directions
From San Francisco International Airport (SFO)From Oakland International Airport (OAK)




 




Sponsors

Co-Hosts
Reception
Breakfast and Breaks
Lunch
supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfmembersummit




Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Featured Keynote Speakers

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










