



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Featured Keynote Speakers


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Leadership & Community Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Leadership & Community Events. 






 


						Sponsor					






VIEW ALL EVENT Sponsorships


Please email sponsorships@linuxfoundation.org to discuss sponsorship options and opportunities.

Where industry leaders convene to drive digital transformation with open source technologies and learn how to collaboratively manage the largest shared technology investment of our time.
Open source is ubiquitous in computing—nearly all leading organizations use it to power their work. To deliver innovative products and services to their users and customers, companies must learn directly from the senior technologists and thought leaders who steer the most widely used and influential projects.
The Linux Foundation Member Summit (formerly Open Source Leadership Summit) is the annual gathering for Linux Foundation member organizations. 
The event fosters collaboration, innovation, and partnerships among the leading projects and organizations working to drive digital transformation with open source technologies. It is a must-attend for business and technical leaders looking to advance open source strategy, implementation and investment in their organizations and learn how to collaboratively manage the largest shared technology investment of our time. 
For sponsors, it is an excellent opportunity to gain access to the event and the attendees for strategic discussions and collaboration.







Sponsors

Co-Hosts
Reception
Breakfast and Breaks
Lunch
supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfmembersummit




Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Featured Keynote Speakers

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








