



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 






 


						Sponsor					






VIEW ALL EVENT SPONSORSHIPS


Please email sponsorships@linuxfoundation.org to discuss sponsorship options and opportunities.

Open Networking & Edge Summit is the only event for the networking & edge computing industries that:
Crosses enterprises, government, global services providers and cloud.Focuses on open first. In a market now built on open source, this is critical.Gathers both the executives making decisions and the developers creating the code to participate, plus everyone in between. Is produced by the leading neutral organizations committed to innovation in networking, edge and other technology areas required for end to end solutions: LF Networking, LF Edge, CNCF, Hyperledger, ORAN, AGL, LF AI & Data, Magma, LF Energy and more.
In short, the event enables the collaborative development necessary to shape the future of networking and edge computing. 
And, in partnership with the Cloud Native Computing Foundation, Kubernetes on Edge Day will be held alongside ONE Summit in 2021. Kubernetes on Edge Day gathers developers and adopters to share their lessons learned in building, breaking, and bettering their edge infrastructure on top of Kubernetes.
Sponsor Benefits: 
Gain valuable thought leadershipReach potential partners and customersRecruit top talentCreate positive brand awareness Showcase products, technologies and servicesStrengthen valuable relationships 
Sponsoring this event puts your company, products and technologies directly in front of key decision makers and business and technical leaders across a multitude of industry verticals. Open Networking & Edge Summit 2021 is a critical forum for companies to strengthen their brand, establish thought leadership, connect with both end-user customers and partners, showcase innovative products and drive transformation across networking and edge computing.




From my perspective, the Linux Foundation is doing a phenomenal job in fostering collaboration, and is creating tangible value and harmonizing the entire open source networking process.Will TownsendMOOR INSIGHTS & STRATEGY


Amazing three days at Open Networking & Edge Summit. Keynote sessions, tutorials, tech showcase, breakout sessions, and panel interviews all were just outstanding.Jay ShahSOUTHERN METHODIST UNIVERSITY









Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Supported By
Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#onesummit + #k8sedgeday




Register
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









