



About | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

About
Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming PrestoCon. 






 


						About					





Attend PrestoCon on September 24 to learn, share and collaborate with the PrestoDB community of users and developers working toward the advancement of the Presto distributed SQL query engine for big data. 
At PrestoCon, users from industry leading companies will share use cases and best practices, developers will discuss project features and considerations; and users and developers will collaborate to advance the use of Presto as a high quality, performant, and dependable software used to power the analytics platforms on premises or in the cloud of organizations around the globe. 
PrestoCon is the flagship event of the Presto Foundation, an independent, non-profit organization under the Linux Foundation with the mission of supporting a community of passionate users and developers devoted to the advancement of the PrestoDB project and Presto distributed SQL query engine for big data and dedicated to preserving the vision of high quality, performant, and dependable software.
Founding members of the Presto Foundation: Facebook, Uber, Twitter, and Alibaba. Recently Alluxio has also joined the foundation.





Event Sponsors
Event Partner








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


About
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








