



DPDK Summit APAC | Linux Foundation Events















































 




Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge EventsDPDK Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 



				DPDK Summit APAC			





2021年3月22-23日 | 虚拟体验March 22 – 23, 2021 | Virtual Experience#DPDKSummitAPAC


Thank you for attending DPDK Summit APAC2021!
Thank you to all our attendees, speakers, and contributors that joined us virtually this year from around the world. To experience the best of the event, be sure to watch all sessions on the DPDK Project YouTube Channel. You can also review session slides from speakers who provided them via the event schedule.


VIRTUAL SCHEDULE AT-A-GLANCE




All session times will be listed in Coordinated Universal Time (UTC), and the event will run from 07:00 – 10:00 Coordinated Universal Time (UTC)*.
15:00 – 18:00 China Standard Time (CST)16:00 – 19:00 Japan Standard Time (JST)12:30 – 15:30 Indian Standard Time (IST)
*start and end times are subject to change



Monday, March 22Welcome RemarksCommunity PresentationsTuesday, March 23Discussion RoomsClosing Remarks










Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#DPDKSummitAPAC




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 











