



LF AI Day - ONNX Community Virtual Meetup – Silicon Valley | Linux Foundation Events

















































 




Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Virtual Event Details
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast AI EventsLF AI Foundation 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  AI Events. 



				LF AI Day – ONNX Community Virtual Meetup – Silicon Valley			





April 9, 20209:00 AM – 12:00 PM PT (via Zoom)
#lfaiday + #onnx



IBM and the LF AI Foundation are pleased to welcome you at the LF AI Day* – ONNX Community Virtual Meetup – Silicon Valley 2020. This event will be hosted online via Zoom video conferencing on April 9. The event will feature the LF AI hosted Graduated Project, ONNX. 
The event will cover ONNX Community updates, partner/end-user stories, and SIG/WG updates. Check out the full agenda here. 
If you are using ONNX in your services and applications, building software or hardware that supports ONNX, or contributing to ONNX, you should attend! This is a great opportunity to meet with and hear from people working with ONNX across many companies. 
Note: In order to ensure the safety of our event participants and staff due to the Novel Coronavirus situation (COVID-19) the ONNX Steering Committee decided to make this a virtual-only event via Zoom.
*LF AI Day is a regional, one-day event hosted and organized by local members with support from LF AI and its Projects. Learn more about the LF AI Foundation here. 





Sponsors

 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 


 


Register
Virtual Event Details
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








