



LF Energy Open Source Bootcamp | Linux Foundation Events

















































 




Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Venue & Travel
Visa Request
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Evening Event


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 



				LF Energy Open Source Bootcamp			








February 6, 20209:00 – 17:00
Hosted by AllianderVenue Location: Dijkgraaf 4 6921 RL DuivenDuiven, The Netherlands

LF Energy and the Linux Foundation team with Dutch distribution system operator, Alliander, to provide a full day of training that leverages best practices for open source software within the enterprise. Ibrahim Haddad, scholar and practitioner of open source best practices and Executive Director of the LF AI project, will be joined by Jon Aldama, co-founder of FOSSID, along with Executive Director of LF Energy, Shuli Goodman.  The event is geared and has been designed for utilities and their suppliers/vendors.


Featured Speakers







 


Jon Aldama
Co-Founder & CTO, FOSSID





Jon Aldama (M.Sc.) is co-Founder and CTO at FOSSID. Jon has profound engineering background, having worked with open source software compliance in large corporations as FOSS advisor and evangelist. Jon is an expert in product development, strategy, and positioning, and has extensive hands-on experience from software compliance tools integration and deployment. He served on the advisory board of the Yocto Project during 2015-2016, and has traveled the world educating large audiences in FOSS compliance.
 






 


Shuli Goodman
Executive Director, LF Energy





Shuli Goodman is the founder and Executive Director of LF Energy, a new Linux Foundation project that supports open source innovation in the energy and electricity sectors. LF Energy’s ambition is to accelerate the energy transition and the decarbonization of the world’s economies. Having spent the early part of her career enabling some of the world’s largest companies in the world to become Internet-ready, she has brought her digital-first, cross-industry background to the electricity sector. With a doctorate in Organizational Systems focused on innovation and the energy transition, Shuli has a uniquely multi-disciplinary approach to solving complex, interdependent problems. She has nearly three decades experience in the startup and ongoing support of governance and multi-stakeholder engagement bodies that have been convened to enable decision-making and provide steering capacity for high-visibility and/or high-risk initiatives. Her goal is to inspire, train, and enable 10,000 developers, in the next 10 years, to digitally transform the world’s power systems.
 












Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Venue & Travel
Visa Request
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Evening Event

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








