



Mentorship Session: Fuzzing Linux Kernel | Linux Foundation Events






















































 




Skip to content



















				Mentorship Session: Fuzzing Linux Kernel			





Fuzzing Linux KernelMarch 2, 2021 | 7:30 – 9:00 AM PST


VIEW THE FULL SERIES







Join us for Fuzzing Linux Kernel, with Andrey Konovalov, Senior Software Engineer, Google.
Fuzzing (or Fuzz Testing) is an automated process of finding bugs by feeding random inputs into a program. 
In this session, Andrey will explain how to apply fuzzing to the Linux kernel and what kind of kernel interfaces a fuzzer can target. He will briefly cover the existing ready-to-use fuzzers (such as Trinity and syzkaller) but mainly focus on the underlying ideas and approaches: writing fuzzing harnesses, generating inputs, and collecting coverage (via kcov).
The session will begin with an overview by Andrey Konovalov (45 minutes) and will be followed by Q&A – an opportunity to both ask Andrey questions and for group discussion (45 minutes).




VIEW RECORDING 
VIEW SLIDES







Andrey Konovalov, Senior Software Engineer, Google
Andrey Konovalov is a software engineer at Google working on fuzzers and mitigations for the Linux kernel. He is a contributor to multiple fuzzing-related Linux kernel subsystems and tools: KASAN (a bug-finding tool), kcov (a coverage collection subsystem), and syzkaller (a fuzzer). He previously worked on fuzzing the network and USB subsystems and found several severe security vulnerabilities. 
Andrey keeps more information about his work and research interests on his personal page: https://xairy.github.io/










Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








