



Mentorship Session: Best Practices to Getting Your Patches Accepted | Linux Foundation Events






















































 




Skip to content



















				Mentorship Session: Best Practices to Getting Your Patches Accepted			





Best Practices to Getting Your Patches AcceptedDecember 8 | 7:00 – 8:30 am PST





Join Linux Kernel Maintainer Greg Kroah-Hartman to learn Best Practices to Getting Your Patches Accepted. 
As the Linux kernel maintainer for the -stable branch, the staging subsystem, USB, driver core, debugfs, kref, kobject, and the sysfs kernel subsystems, Userspace I/O (with Hans J. Koch), and TTY layer, and creator of linux-hotplug, the udev project, and the Linux Driver Project, Greg is well-positioned to help set you up for success in getting patches accepted.
The session will begin with an overview by Greg Kroah-Hartman (45 minutes) and will be followed by Q&A – an opportunity to both ask Greg questions and for group discussion (45 minutes).



VIEW RECORDING 
VIEW SLIDES







Greg Kroah-Hartman, Kernel Maintainer & Fellow, The Linux Foundation
Greg is among a distinguished group of software developers who maintain Linux at the kernel level. In his role as Linux Foundation Fellow, he continues his work as the maintainer for the Linux stable kernel branch and a variety of subsystems while working in a fully neutral environment.
Greg created and maintains the Linux Driver Project. He is also currently the maintainer for the Linux stable kernel branch and a variety of different subsystems that include USB, staging, driver core, tty, and sysfs, among others. Most recently, he was a Fellow at SUSE.










Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








