



Mentorship Session: 2nd Place is the First Winner: Maintainership and Growing Your Influence in the Linux Kernel Community | Linux Foundation Events






















































 




Skip to content



















				Mentorship Session: 2nd Place is the First Winner: Maintainership and Growing Your Influence in the Linux Kernel Community			





2nd Place is the First Winner: Maintainership and Growing Your Influence 
in the Linux Kernel CommunityJanuary 22, 2021 | 9:30 – 11:00 AM PST


VIEW THE FULL SERIES







Join us for 2nd Place is the First Winner: Maintainership and Growing Your Influence in the Linux Kernel Community, with Dan Williams, Principal Engineer, Intel.
There is a perception that the pinnacle of power, prestige, and influence in the Linux kernel project is to become a subsystem maintainer. On the way to dispelling that myth, this talk describes the roles and responsibilities of maintainers, reviewers, and developers. It compares effective maintainers to effective reviewers, explains why those are not necessarily the same role, and discusses their relative levels of influence.
The session will begin with an overview by Dan Williams (45 minutes) and will be followed by Q&A – an opportunity to both ask Dan questions and for group discussion (45 minutes).




VIEW RECORDING 
VIEW SLIDES








Dan Williams, Principal Engineer, Intel 
Dan Williams is a Principal Engineer in Intel’s Core Linux Kernel engineering organization. He maintains the kernel’s persistent memory infrastructure and has been a member of the Linux Foundation Technical Advisory Board since 2016.












Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








