



Mentorship Session: Open Source Licensing | Linux Foundation Events






















































 




Skip to content



















				Mentorship Session: Open Source Licensing			





Open Source LicensingJanuary 13 | 10:00 – 11:30 am PST

VIEW THE FULL SERIES






Join us for: Open Source Licensing, with Steve Winslow, Director of Strategic Programs, The Linux Foundation.
Open source licenses are the engine that enables collaboration across boundaries and among community participants on transparent terms. In this webinar, Steve will review the role that licenses play in open source development and will describe best practices for managing and expressing license information in open source code.
The session will begin with an overview by Steve (45 minutes) and will be followed by Q&A – an opportunity to both ask questions and for group discussion (45 minutes).


Join us for a complimentary live mentoring session!
Open Source LicensingWednesday, January 1310:00 – 11:30 am PST

VIEW RECORDING 
VIEW SLIDES









Steve Winslow, Director of Strategic Programs, The Linux Foundation
Steve runs The Linux Foundation’s license scanning and analysis service, advising projects about licenses identified in their source code and dependencies. Steve is also involved with projects including SPDX, FOSSology and the Community Data License Agreement; manages The Linux Foundation’s trademark program; and assists on other legal matters. Previously, Steve was Vice President of Technology Law at Intralinks and an associate at Choate, Hall and Stewart in Boston. Steve graduated from Georgetown University Law Center and majored in computer science at Williams College.












Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








