



Mentorship Session: How Do I Get Started with an Open Source Project? | Linux Foundation Events






















































 




Skip to content



















				Mentorship Session: How Do I Get Started with an Open Source Project?			





How Do I Get Started with an Open Source Project?December 2 | 10:30 am – 12:00 pm PST





Join us for: How Do I Get Started with an Open Source Project?, with Clyde Seepersad, SVP and GM, Training and Certification, The Linux Foundation.
Open source projects can be like Rapunzel’s tower, you can see where you want to get to but there’s no obvious door through which to start your journey. This session will cover some of the different tools available to a new user to both get started and find support along the journey. We’ll discuss the pros and cons of each and consider when each might be most helpful. Since each user is unique we’ll leave lots of time for questions and discussion.
The session will begin with an overview by Clyde (45 minutes) and will be followed by Q&A – an opportunity to both ask questions and for group discussion (45 minutes).


How Do I Get Started with an Open Source Project?Wednesday, December 210:30 am – 12:00 pm PST

VIEW RECORDING 
VIEW SLIDES








Clyde Seepersad, SVP and GM, Training and Certification, The Linux Foundation
Clyde Seepersad is responsible for the training and certification arms of The Linux Foundation. The goal of the team is to provide high-quality training and skills development to the open source community. Over the past decade Clyde has held senior leadership positions in the education space, most recently as head of operations at 360training.com and before that as a senior executive of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt, a global leader in education.
Prior to his involvement in education, Clyde was a Principal at the Boston Consulting Group, a global strategic consultancy known for its cutting-edge thinking and value creation for clients. He started his career in the public sector, working within the Ministry of Finance in Trinidad and Tobago. He holds an MBA and a Masters in Economics from Oxford University, where he was a Rhodes Scholar.











Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








