



Virtual LF AI Day Europe | Linux Foundation Events

















































 




Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Virtual Event Details
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast AI EventsLF AI Foundation 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  AI Events. 



				Virtual LF AI Day Europe			





June 22, 202013:00 – 17:00 – Central European Summer Timevia Zoom#lfaiday


Orange and the LF AI Foundation are pleased to welcome you at the Virtual LF AI Day* EU – June 22, 2020 event. The event will be hosted online via video conferencing.
This event will feature keynote speakers from leading operators and AI industry and European Startups with a focus on open source strategies for machine learning deep learning.
During this event, various AI topics will be covered, including technical presentations, demonstrations of AI Marketplace, and discussions of LF AI projects.
Check out the full agenda here.
Note: Due to the Novel Coronavirus situation (COVID-19), the event hosts have decided to make this a virtual-only event via video conferencing system in order to ensure the safety of our event participants and organizers. We look forward to connecting with you at a future event in person. 
*LF AI Days are regional, one-day events hosted and organized by local members with support from the LF AI Foundation and its projects.





Sponsors

 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 


 


Register
Virtual Event Details
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








