



Yocto Project® Summit Europe | Linux Foundation Events















































 




Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsLinux Plumbers ConferencePast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 



				Yocto Project® Summit Europe			







October 29 – 30, 2020Virtual Event (via Zoom)

The Yocto Project Summit is a virtual technical conference for engineers, open source technologists, students and academia in the OSS space. This 2-day event is where individuals will learn about Yocto Projects’ direction — including, but not limited to, new releases, development tools, features — get training on the next wave of embedded Linux technologies, and network with their industry peers, Yocto Project maintainers and experts.
The Yocto Project Developer Day has expanded its scope to include both the workshop for engineers building customized Linux distributions and applications, as well as an open forum where maintainers, trainers, and users present papers on how the project is evolving and how they are using it. In addition, there will be a parallel “Intro to Yocto Project Seminar” on the first day for engineers new to Yocto Project.
There are two tracks that attendees can choose from to best fit their skill level and understanding of the Yocto Project.


SCHEDULE AT-A-GLANCE


VIEW THE FULL SCHEDULE


The class will be presented in Zoom. 
Thursday, October 29TRACK 1: Intro to Yocto Project Seminar12:00 – 20:00 GMT | Full Day of PresentationsTRACK 2: Curated Presentations12:00 – 20:00 GMT | Keynote and general sessions on Yocto Project technology and usageFriday, October 30TRACK 1: Intro to Yocto Project Seminar12:00 – 20:00 GMT | Hands-on PresentationsTRACK 2: Curated Presentations12:00 – 20:00 GMT | Presentations, Hands-on Classes










Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










