



Yocto Project® Dev Day Virtual North America | Linux Foundation Events















































 




Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule At-A-Glance


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsLinux Plumbers ConferencePast Linux Dev EventsDPDK Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 



				Yocto Project® Dev Day Virtual North America			







July 2, 2020Virtual Event

Thank you for attending Yocto Project Developer Day Virtual 2020!
Yocto Project Developer Day Virtual is a one-day presentation and hands-on training event that puts you in direct contact with Yocto Project technical experts and developers. Its primary aim is to show developers how to create, customize, and optimize Linux distributions for embedded devices using the rich features, tools, and content of Yocto Project. Our knowledgeable and engaging instructors will help you better understand topics like build system workflow, working with containers, building applications, optimizing images, hardening your devices, and leveraging tools like devtool. You will also have a chance to network and put your new skills to work.


SCHEDULE AT-A-GLANCE

The class will be presented in Zoom. It will be highly interactive, with chat sessions, side rooms, teaching assistants, and hands-on exercises with live class accounts.
Thursday, July 29:00 AM – 5:00 PM CSTSessions on topics including:Security HardeningImage Size OptimizationReproducible BuildsLTSCI/CDDevTool LabUser Space LabKernel Laband more!











Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Code of Conduct

Schedule At-A-Glance

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










