



Experiences | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Financial Services Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Financial Services Events. 






 


						Experiences					





The Open Source Strategy Forum 2020 Virtual Experience offered a wealth of content and education across 50+ sessions including:






Networking
Network with attendees across topic-specific chat rooms.



Search + Connect
Search for attendees with common interests and connect 1:1.











Fun + Games
Compete in The Leaderboard Challenge, snap your photo in the virtual photo booth, download customized virtual backgrounds and more!



Ask the Experts Sessions
Engage directly with community leaders daily in our Ask the Experts Sessions.











Sponsors

LEADER
Contributor
Community 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#OSfinserv




Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









