



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Financial Services Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Financial Services Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





Thank you to our sponsors for supporting the open source community!
SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED





The Open Source Strategy Forum is a two day conference for experts across financial services, technology, and open source to deepen collaboration and drive innovation across the industry in order to deliver better code faster. Financial services firms make extensive use of open source, but few are taking full advantage of this incredible resource. 
This event will:
Showcase recent developments and the direction of open source in financial servicesProvide practical knowledge and guidance on best practices, tools, and technologiesExplore how to build a successful communityProvide unparalleled opportunities to network with the executives and individuals driving open source in financial services






By becoming strategic contributors to open source projects, companies decrease development costs, improve security, attract developers, and innovate faster.









Sponsors

LEADER
Contributor
Community 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#OSfinserv




Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









