



Virtual Swag Bag | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







登録Register
参加Attend

行動規範Code of Conduct


スポンサーSponsor
プログラムProgram

スケジュールSchedule
各トラックのご案内Explore the Tracks
注目の講演者Featured Speakers


併設プログラムFeatures &Add-Ons

体験できることExperiences


お問い合わせContact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit Japan. 






 


						Virtual Swag Bag					




Skip to page sectionRed Hat (Silver)LPI-Japan (Bronze)
Connect with our Open Source Summit Japan + Automotive Linux Summit Sponsors!
Welcome to the OSSJ + ALS Virtual Swag Bag page! Below you will find offerings from some of our event sponsors. To learn more about them, please visit the virtual sponsor booths on the event platform. 


SILVER









Red Hat | Silver Sponsor
Don’t miss your chance to download the SE Linux, Container, and Container Commandos coloring books!



DOWNLOAD ALL


















BRONZE








LPI-Japan | Bronze Sponsor
Certification exams that help you to be a cloud engineer! You can purchase the exam ticket for a limited time at a great deal! Be sure to download the brochure to read more and access the links.

DOWNLOAD BROCHURE



























 




スポンサー Sponsors

ダイアモンド Diamond
プラチナ Platinum
ゴールド GOLD
シルバー Silver
ブロンズ BRONZE 






メーリングリストに参加して、イベントの最新情報やニュースをゲットしましょう。Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news, and more!

 
	入力された宛先に今後のイベント情報が配信されます。メーリングリストの登録はいつでも解除できます。詳細については、プライバシー ポリシーを参照してください。The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#ossummit




登録 Register
行動規範 Code of Conduct

スポンサー Sponsor
スケジュール Schedule
各トラックのご案内 Explore the Tracks
注目の講演者 Featured Speakers

体験できること Experiences

お問い合わせ Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










