



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology EventsRISC-V Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Scholarships					





The RISC-V’s registration scholarship program exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend the RISC-V Global Forum in two categories:
Diversity scholarships for traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized personsNeed-based scholarships for community members who lack the funds to purchase their own ticket
Scholarship recipients will receive a complimentary registration pass to attend the RISC-V Global Forum. Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request.  All application information will be kept confidential.
Eligibility Requirements
Diversity Scholarship: Applicants must be from a traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized group in the technology and/or open source communities including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQIA, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities who are unable to attend without some financial assistance.Need-Based Scholarship: Individuals who apply should be active members of the open source community who are unable to attend for financial reasons and are unable to get funding from their companies.
Registration Scholarship Applications Due: August 24, 2020All Applicants Will be Notified By: August 28, 2020
APPLICATIONS CLOSED


If you cannot access the Form, please send the application information to events@riscv.org.Have questions? Reach out to events@riscv.org and a member of our team will be in touch.






Sponsors

Platinum
Gold
silver
Bronze










Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








