



Planning Committee | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule At-A-Glance
Schedule
Planning Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Hyperledger EventsHyperledger Website 
 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Hyperledger Member Summit Tokyo. 






 


						Planning Committee					





To help shape this year’s Member Summit format, session content, and align with Hyperledger’s open source inclusion spirit, we leaned on our membership community for nominees to participate in the Planning Committee.  Based on the nominations received, the following member company representatives are serving on this year’s committee:
Dounia Agharbi, ConsenSys
Mark Cudden, we.trade innovation DAC
Shingo Fujimoto, Fujitsu Laboratories Limited
Stan Heister, Portland State University
Isaac Kunkel, Chainyard
Fernando Marino, CpqD Foundation
Alfonso de la Rocha, Telefónica
Alissa Worley, Accenture
Eileen Zheng, Lenovo








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Code of Conduct

Schedule At-A-Glance
Schedule
Planning Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








