



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 






 


						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralScholarshipsCaptioningContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Linux ecosystem, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.
Below are the opt-in statistics from the KVM Forum 2020 Virtual Experience. Please note, attendee demographic questions are optional for speakers and attendees, and are based on opt-in only responses.



Attendee Gender
Man: 71%Woman: 11%Non-Binary: 17%Prefer Not to Answer: 9%


Geographic Representation
109 Countries






Scholarships

To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based scholarships and discounts to our conferences.

LEARN MORE ABOUT SCHOLARSHIPS




Captioning

Live captioning is available in English during the event via the Live Caption feature in Google Chrome. Please click here for instructions on how to use this feature, as well as tips and customization features. 
For captioning in other languages, conference recordings will be posted to the Linux Foundation YouTube channel within 4 weeks of the conclusion of the event.  YouTube offers captioning in over 50 languages.



Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

PLATINUM
SILVER 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#kvmforum




Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










