



Check It Out: Event Schedule and Keynote Announcements | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









April 14, 2020
Check It Out: Event Schedule and Keynote Announcements		




View the latest Event Keynote and Schedule Announcements. It’s all below – make your plans to participate and join us!
Keynote Speakers
Keynote Speakers revealed for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020. Whether virtual or in-person (a decision will be shared by the first week of May), the event is taking place June 22-24.

LEARN MORE


Schedule Announcements


Open Networking & Edge Summit North America 2020 is now being held September 28-29 in Los Angeles. Check out the full session line-up, announced last week!

LEARN MORE



The schedule for Continuous Delivery Summit 2020, brought to you by CDF, is live!

LEARN MORE



The Xen Summit Developer & Design Summit 2020 schedule is live! Stay tuned for announcements on the event going virtual.

LEARN MORE








Post navigation
Interested in Speaking at an Event?  View Upcoming Call for Proposal Deadlines!The Linux Foundation Announces the Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 Program of Sessions, and its Pivot to a Virtual Event
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 









