



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Xen EventsXen Project Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Xen Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





Sponsorships for Xen Developer & Design Summit 2021 are closed. Thank you to Our Sponsors for supporting the Open Source Community!
SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


The Xen Project creates an industry leading open source hypervisor that is powering some of the largest clouds in production today. 
During 15 years of development, the Xen Project enabled many different use cases covering datacenter and server virtualization, cloud computing, desktop virtualization, security for desktop computing and within hardware appliances. 
The Xen Project has also started to expand into new markets covering NFV, mobile virtualization, embedded virtualization and automotive. The Xen Project Developer and Design Summit brings together the Xen Project’s community of developers and power users for their annual developer conference. 
The conference is about sharing ideas and the latest developments, sharing experience, planning, collaboration and above all to have fun and to meet the community that defines the Xen Project. 

Contact xenevents@linuxfoundation.org to secure your sponsorship today.








Sponsors

platinum 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#xendevsummit




Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








