



The Linux Foundation Announces Schedule for Open Source Summit Europe 2023 | Linux Foundation Events































































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









June 29, 2023
The Linux Foundation Announces Schedule for Open Source Summit Europe 2023		




The premier European conference for the global open source community will feature 175 sessions across 12 microconferences, showcasing expertise and innovation across the open source ecosystem.
SAN FRANCISCO, June 29, 2023 — The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, today announced the schedule for Open Source Summit Europe, the foremost event for open source code and community contributors in Europe. The conference takes place September 19-21 in Bilbao, Spain, with pre-event programming and co-located events on September 17-18 as well. The schedule can be viewed here.
For 15 years, Open Source Summit has been held in North America, Europe, and Asia to unite the global open source community, with the European edition launching in 2011. The event provides developers, technologists and community leaders a forum to collaborate, further open source innovation, and help ensure a sustainable open source ecosystem. Open Source Summit Europe is composed of a collection of 12 microconferences including CloudOpen, ContainerCon, Diversity Empowerment Summit, Emerging OS Forum, LinuxCon, Open AI + Data Forum, OpenJS World, Open Source Leadership Summit, Open Source On-Ramp, OSPOCon, SupplyChainSecurityCon, and SustainabilityCon – all covering the most important and cutting edge topics in open source today.
Open Source Summit Europe schedule highlights include: 

Scaling AI Workloads with Kubernetes: Sharing GPU Resources Across Multiple Containers – Jack Min Ong, Jina AI (CloudOpen)
Improving Container Image Registry Availability with Kube Image Keeper – Jérôme Petazzoni, Tiny Shell Script LLC (ContainerCon)
Breaking Out of the Open Source Burnout Cycle – Nigel Brown, Intuit (Open Source Leadership Summit)
Getting Started with BPF Security Observability – Vandana Salve, Consulting Software Architect (Open Source On-Ramp)
Do I Belong? Investigating Belonging in Open Source through the Sense of Virtual Community – Bianca Trinkenreich, Globant (Diversity Empowerment Summit)
Fully Verified Open Silicon – Marno van der Maas, lowRISC CIC (Emerging OS Forum)
Large Block I/O for Linux – Hannes Reinecke, SUSE Labs (LinuxCon)
Open Data Ecosystems and the Regulatory Trends – Niharika Singhal, Free Software Foundation Europe (Open AI & Data Forum)
Behind the Scenes of Open Source Program Offices in the Public Sector: Insights and Guidelines – Johan Linåker, RISE Research Institutes of Sweden & Ciarán O’Riordan, OpenForum Europe (OSPOCon)
Ketchup, Mustard and Relish of Software Supply Chain Security – Melba Lopez & Arnaud J Le Hors, IBM; Jay White, Microsoft; Michael Lieberman, Kusari and Joshua Lock, Verizon (SupplyChainSecurityCon)
Using Machine Learning Models in JavaScript Application – Aileen Villanueva Lecuona, Endava (OpenJS World) 
When Observability Meets Sustainability: A Real World Experience – Fanjing Meeng, IBM China Systems Lab & Hua Ye, IBM China Systems Center (SustainabilityCon)

Keynote speakers will be announced in the coming weeks.
Additionally, 10 mini-summits and co-located events will take place alongside Open Source Summit Europe 2023, offering more opportunities to learn about PyTorch, Linux Security, OpenWallet, Open Metaverse, OpenSSF, Networking, OpenChain, SPDX, and so much more.Registration (in-person) is offered at the price of US$799 through July 6, a savings of US$450. Reduced registration rates are available for small businesses, hobbyists and students. Additionally, a ‘hall pass’ and virtual-only option are available as well. Please review all registration types here.
Members of The Linux Foundation receive a 20 percent discount off registration and can contact events@linuxfoundation.org to request a member discount code. 
Applications for diversity and need-based scholarships are currently being accepted. For information on eligibility and how to apply, please click here. The Linux Foundation’s Travel Fund is also accepting applications, with the goal of enabling open source developers and community members to attend events that they would otherwise be unable to attend due to a lack of funding. To learn more and apply, please click here.
Event Sponsors
Open Source Summit Europe 2023 is made possible thanks to our sponsors, including:

Diamond Sponsors: Fujitsu, Google
Platinum Sponsors: Amazon Web Services, OpenSearch and Sonar 
Gold Sponsors: Cloud Native Computing Foundation, Delta Lake, GitLab, Intel, Red Hat and SUSE

For information on becoming an event sponsor, click here or email us.
PressMembers of the press who would like to request a press pass to attend should contact Kristin O’Connell.
Social Media 
Join the conversation on social media by using the hashtag #OSSummit. 
ABOUT THE LINUX FOUNDATION
The Linux Foundation is the world’s leading home for collaboration on open source software, hardware, standards, and data. Linux Foundation projects are critical to the world’s infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, ONAP, PyTorch, RISC-V, SPDX, OpenChain, and more. The Linux Foundation focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users, and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit us at https://www.linuxfoundation.org/. The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn, and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.
Visit our website and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook for all the latest event updates and announcements.
The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see its trademark usage page: 
www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.
Media Contact
Kristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org
# # #





Post navigation
This Year’s Embedded Open Source Summit Should NOT Be Missed!The Linux Foundation Announces Schedule for WasmCon 2023
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








