



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Venue & Travel
Health & Safety
About Palm Springs
Visa Letter Request
Travel Funding
Child Care
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Call for Proposals (CFP)
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsLinux Plumbers ConferencePast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 






 


						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralOnsite ResourcesCHAOSS D&I Event BadgeEmergency ResourcesContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Linux ecosystem, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.
Below are the opt-in statistics from the 2019 LSFMM event. Please note, attendee demographic questions are optional for speakers and attendees, and are based on opt-in only responses.


Attendee Gender
Men – 92%Women – 1%Non-Binary – 0%Prefer Not to Answer – 7%


Geographic Representation
18 Countries







Onsite Resources


Nursing RoomA private nursing room will be available at the event to aid in the comfort and accessibility of our nursing attendees. The room will be available all days of the event and will be located onsite. For location information, please check with registration or information desk staff onsite.
Child CareComplimentary childcare will be available onsite during event days for children who are fully vaccinated. Visit the Child Care page for details and to sign up.
Venue AccessibilityIf you need any assistance locating an elevator, or have other questions about accessibility onsite, please speak to a member of the LF event staff at any of the registration or information desks onsite. If you have questions prior to the event, please email events@linuxfoundation.org.
Wheelchair + Medical Equipment RentalIf you need a wheelchair or scooter, you can rent them from In & Out Mobility. Please contact them directly for rates and availability. 
Interaction Wristbands Please be mindful of attendee’s wristbands throughout the conference and use this tool to communicate appropriately:
Green = Handshakes and high 5’s are welcome with frequent handwashing.Yellow = Still being cautious, elbow bumps only.Red = No contact at all, please remain 6 feet away.
Don’t see a wristband? Assume red until given permission from the other attendee.
Share your PronounsSelect your pronouns during registration to share them with other conference attendees. Pronouns will be printed directly on your badge. Please be respectful of attendees’ pronouns.
Zen ZoneAll attendees are invited to use the Zen Zone as needed for sensory relaxation, meditation, and worship. It is a physical space where conversation and interaction are not allowed, where attendees can go if, for any reason, they can’t interact with other attendees at that time.
All-Gender RestroomsWe will designate specific restrooms as all-gender for attendees who feel more comfortable using those facilities.
First Aid/Medical AssistanceIf you require first aid or medical assistance, please visit our registration desk and we can direct you to the First Aid station onsite.
How to Handle a Harassment ReportIf you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately. Event staff can be identified by staff badges and/or shirts onsite and can be found at the event registration counter at any time. Our staff has had incident response training, responds to harassments reports and does so in accordance with the process recommended by the Ada Initiative, which can be found here on the Geek Feminism Wiki.
Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.
If you are planning to attend an upcoming event and have concerns regarding another individual who may be present, please reach out to us pre-event. Precautions will be taken to ensure a victim’s comfort and safety, including, but not limited to providing an escort, prepping onsite event staff, keeping victim and harasser from attending the same talks/social events and providing onsite contact cell phone numbers for immediate contact.
The Linux Foundation Contacts:Stephanie Markowski, Senior Event Manager (smarkowski@linuxfoundation.org)Angela Brown, SVP & GM of Events (+1-575-694-2263; angela@linuxfoundation.org)



CHAOSS D&I EVENT BADGE


Awarded to events in the open source community that fosters healthy D&I practices. Learn More





Emergency Resources




Closest Police Station
Palm Springs Police DepartmentDial 911 or (760) 323- 8116


Closest 24hr Hospital
Desert Regional Medical CenterDial 911 or (760) 323-6511




taxi service
Coachella Valley Taxi(760) 992-5337


rape crisis line
Partners Against Violence(760) 568-9071






Contact Us With Ideas


If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD







Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Venue & Travel
Health & Safety
About Palm Springs
Visa Letter Request
Travel Funding
Child Care
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Call for Proposals (CFP)
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










