



Register | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 






 


						Register					





Registration is US$50. 




Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org. 
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact cfp@linuxfoundation.org for more details.
SponsorsA registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email events@linuxfoundation.org.

DISCOUNTS
Linux Foundation MembersLinux Foundation Members are eligible to receive a 20% discount. Please email events@linuxfoundation.org to request the LF Member discount code. 
Non-Profit ProfessionalsProfessionals who work at a tax-exempt organization as defined by the IRS may receive a 20% discount on the applicable, full-event registration rate. Please email events@linuxfoundation.org for a discount code. Please note: this discount may not be combined with any additional discounts. Professionals must submit proof of employment as a tax-exempt organization before receiving this discount.
Group DiscountsIf you have a group of 5 or more people, you can receive a 10% discount on all passes. All pass types must be the same, and all registrations must be processed under one group registration and must be paid with the same credit card. To create a group, select “Add Another Person” to your registration. When 5 or more people are added the 10% discount will be automatically applied. Please note: this discount may not be combined with any additional discounts. Please contact events@linuxfoundation.org for any questions.

INVOICES & CERTIFICATES OF ATTENDANCE
Registration InvoicesYou should receive an invoice upon registration, however, if you need an additional copy or an updated invoice please submit a request here. 
Certificates of AttendanceTo request a Certificate of Attendance, please submit a request here. Please Note: We verify attendance through the registration system, and Certificate of Attendance letters are sent out after the event is completed. 

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@linuxfoundation.com. Refunds will only be issued for cancellations received two weeks before the start date of the event and may take up to 14 days to process. We have waived all processing fees.
If you are unable to attend, you may substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation. To substitute an attendee, you may return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.






Sponsors

PLATINUM
SILVER 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#kvmforum




Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








