



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





KVM FORUM SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED
VIEW ALLEVENT SPONSORSHIPS


Please email sponsorships@linuxfoundation.org to discuss sponsorship options and opportunities.

KVM is an industry leading open source hypervisor that provides an ideal platform for datacenter virtualization, virtual desktop infrastructure, and cloud computing.
Once again, it’s time to bring together the community of developers and users that define the KVM ecosystem for our annual technical conference. We will discuss the current state of affairs and plan for the future of KVM, its surrounding infrastructure, and management tools. So mark your calendar and join us in advancing KVM.

If you rely on open source, 
you need to be a part of our events.








Sponsors

PLATINUM
SILVER 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#kvmforum




Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








