



Travel Fund Request | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









Travel Fund Request		




The Linux Foundation’s Travel Fund is intended to enable open source developers and community members to attend events that they would otherwise be unable to attend due to a lack of funding. We place an emphasis on funding applicants who are from historically underrepresented or untapped groups and/or those of lower socioeconomic status. If you work for a company that has the ability to fund your travel, we ask that you not apply, to save funds for those that need it.
Please fill out the form below to have your funding request considered. We receive about a thousand requests for funding each year. In order to maximize spend, travel fund assistance may only be used for:

coach airfare tickets
accommodations (Dates of the event plus one night prior are eligible for reimbursement)
ground transportation to/from the airport

Funds may not be used for miscellaneous travel expenses including food, visa costs, non-airport transportation, baggage fees, etc.
The Linux Foundation is trying to use funds to assist as many people as possible. As such:

We are often unable to fund one person across multiple events in a year
Lower cost travel funding requests are more likely to get approved
We typically do not fund the same person two years in a row
Decisions are final, and reapplying for the same event after receiving a denial does not increase your chances of getting funded

Note: If your travel fund application is approved, you will be required to show proof of attendance in order to be reimbursed. Receipt of Travel Funding does not guarantee entry to the event.




Apply from your LF Individual Dashboard (LF account required)


Apply for Travel Funding



Have questions or need to contact us?



Read FAQ










Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 










