




Visa Request | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









Visa Request		





Provision of a visa letter by The Linux Foundation does not guarantee visa approval, which is made at the sole discretion of the government of the event’s host country.
Visa letter requests should be made 90 days prior to an event and may be submitted no fewer than two weeks prior to the event. The Linux Foundation cannot guarantee that letters will be provided in response to requests submitted fewer than two weeks prior to an event, though we will make every effort to process them.
You must be registered for the event before requesting a visa letter. Please note: it can take up to an hour for our registration system and visa letter system to sync. 
The Linux Foundation processes most visa letter requests in (3) business days. Please complete the form below as accurately as possible. Failure to do so may result in a delay to the typical processing time.
Some countries in which The Linux Foundation holds events require a local organization to provide a visa invitation letter. Thus, the Linux Foundation must use a local third party to process letter requests from time to time. By completing the form below, you are authorizing The Linux Foundation to share your details with third party vendors as needed to process your invitation request.
For questions, please contact visaletters@linuxfoundation.org.





Apply from your LF Individual Dashboard (LF account required)


Apply for Visa



Have questions or need to contact us?



Read FAQ










Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 











