



The Linux Foundation Announces Conference Schedule for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference 2021 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









July 26, 2021
The Linux Foundation Announces Conference Schedule for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference 2021		




The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, announced the full schedule for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference 2021, the leading conference for open source developers, technologists, and community leaders. The events are taking place September 27-30 in Seattle, Washington and are co-located with OSPOCon and Linux Security Summit, among others. The schedule can be viewed here and the keynote speakers can be viewed here.
Read the full press release here.





Post navigation
The Linux Foundation Announces Keynote Speakers for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference 2021New Software Supply Chain Cybersecurity Event
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








