



The OSS + ELC North America 2020 Virtual Experience: What to Expect, Who Will Be There, and Why You Can’t Miss It! | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









June 15, 2020
The OSS + ELC  North America 2020 Virtual Experience:  What to Expect, Who Will Be There, and Why You Can’t Miss It!		




Since announcing Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 would be a Virtual Experience this year, we have been hard at work behind the scenes to recreate the face-to-face event experience as closely as possible to include interactive content, networking and collaboration experiences, and fun activities to unwind – everything you would expect at an in-person event and MORE. We’re set to go LIVE June 29 – July 2. Here’s what’s happening! 
Open for All – Anytime. Anywhere.Our theme this year fits right in with our pivot to a Virtual Experience.  We are, quite literally, Open for All – Anytime, Anywhere. Our immersive, live event is ALL available from the comfort and safety of your own home for just US$50.  To register, please click here. After the live event is over, the content on the platform will be available to anyone to view for free as well.
So Why Should You Attend?
The Content.4-days jam-packed with 250+ interactive keynotes, conference sessions, tutorials, and mini-summits complete with live speaker Q&A – all delivered by some of the brightest minds across the open source ecosystem.  View our full schedule here. Plus, we have a full day of open source project mini-summits (9 in total!) and a bevy of additional learning and engagement opportunities:
Speed Mentoring: Work with a mentor to grow your technical skills, get more involved in the open source community, or tackle a career change. Pre-registration is required – Learn more here!Resume Writing Workshop: Lindsey Anne Thorne, Managing Director at Vaco leads an interactive workshop, showcasing the do’s and don’ts technical resume writing.  She’ll highlight the correct way to show off your open source contributions – getting your resume the attention it deserves.  Learn more here!Driving Innovation through Allyship Workshop: Emergent technologist Christopher Lafayette shares how you can help support those who have been systematically oppressed and assist in creating a future where we can all participate and benefit from innovation. Learn more here!Ask the Expert Sessions: Want to chat directly with project maintainers and community leaders? Do so in our version of a Reddit AMA.  See our list of participating Experts and learn more here!
The Topics.With 14 tracks covering the most critical and emergent open source technologies, along with community and program office leadership, there’s something for everyone – across all interests and levels, from those just entering open source to folks with decades of experience.  Explore the tracks.
The Attendees.Thousands of developers, sysadmins, devops professionals, architects, and community leaders have registered to participate from companies including Amazon, Cisco, Facebook, Google, Indeed, Morgan Stanley, Optum, Schneider Electric, Sony, The Coca-Cola Company, Uber and MANY MORE. See who’s coming here.
The Networking.Great content is a necessity for an event, but so is the opportunity to make new connections, network and collaborate. OSS + ELC NA 2020 has you covered. We will be using Slack as our attendee networking tool and attendees will be able to connect with each other in topic-based chat rooms and connect 1:1 or in small groups. And, this all starts pre-event – this week in fact! Get an early start and start connecting with the open source community now. 
The Fun & Zen.A great open source event brings the trifecta of education, collaboration, and a fun experience, and this virtual event will be no different. Play games in the Red Hat Arcade, earn badges throughout the event for a chance to win some pretty cool prizes and test your open source knowledge in our Trivia area. Need some moments of Zen? Watch live puppy and penguin cams (who can be stressed watching cute animals being…cute?), participate in some yoga or one of our other experiences – you’ll have to attend to see what else we have in store! 
The Open Source Supporters – Our Sponsors.Our sponsors are tremendous partners and have worked to create 3D booths so attendees can view demos, speak real-time with company representatives, download resources, view job openings, and more. We thank them for supporting the open source community and can’t wait to experience the 3D sponsor showcase!  Learn more about our sponsors here.
A few more important notes:
Discounts: Linux Foundation Members are eligible to receive a 20% discount. Please email events@linuxfoundation.org to request the LF Member discount code. Scholarships: We offer diversity and need-based scholarships – anyone that wants to attend and can’t afford to do so, we’ve got you covered. Apply here.
We look forward to your participation!Don’t miss the Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 Virtual Experience – an all-new, immersive, digital event that will provide you with unparalleled access to interactive content and dynamic collaboration opportunities with the global open source community. We hope you’ll join us for 4 days of incredible opportunities to network, learn, and share.  Register TODAY!





Post navigation
Success with QiqoChatRecap: Linux Plumbers Conference Virtual 2020
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








