



スカラーシップScholarships | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsAll Past Events 










 


						スカラーシップScholarships					





CNCFのダイバーシティ スカラーシップ プログラムは、技術コミュニティやオープン ソース コミュニティにおいて伝統的に少数派であるグループに属し (LGBTQIA、女性である、肌の色が違う、障害があるなどがあげられますがこれに限定されません)、経済的理由によりCNCFのイベントに参加する機会に恵まれない人々を支援するものです。
スカラーシップは数人に提供され、受領者は移動のための実費を最高1000米ドルまで受け取ることができます。スカラーシップの対象となる費用は、エコノミークラス航空運賃、宿泊代 (2泊まで)、および地上交通費です。Kubernetes Forum Tokyoの登録も無料になります。
スカラーシップの基準は、ニーズとインパクトです。選考は、各応募者のリクエストを厳正に評価する専門の審査員グループによって行われます。
応募の秘密は厳守します。
レジストレーション スカラーシップ（登録奨学金）応募期限：2020年7月6日応募者への結果通知：2020年7月24日まで

今すぐ応募する

CNCF’s diversity scholarship program provides support to those from traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized groups in the technology and/or open source communities (including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQIA, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities) who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend CNCF events for financial reasons.
A few scholarships will be provided and recipients will receive up to $1,000 USD to reimburse actual travel expenses. The $1,000 USD can be used for the following: coach airfare, hotel (up to two nights), and/or ground transportation. Recipients will also receive complimentary registration for Kubernetes Forum Tokyo.
Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request.
All application information will be kept confidential.
Registration Scholarship Applications Due:  July 6, 2020All Applicants Will be Notified By: July 24, 2020

APPLY NOW








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








