



About | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Awards


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 






 


						About					





Join Continuous Delivery leaders, industry icons, practitioners, and open source developers for a two-day virtual experience as we improve the world’s capacity to deliver software with security and speed. cdCon is the annual event by the Continuous Delivery Foundation that brings together technology teams, enterprise leadership and open source communities to drive the future of software delivery. 
This year’s sessions are designed for 3 different types of audiences:
Technology Teams: geared towards application developers, infra folks, DevOps engineers, security professionals, testers and any other practitioners involved with delivering software. Enterprise Leadership: for senior leaders and decision-makers from organizations interested in measuring DevOps, scaling, transformation, security, FinOps, and developer productivity. Open Source Communities: tailored for open source core contributors and maintainers running and growing CDF projects and special interest groups, as well as folks looking to get involved with open source for the first time. This includes Jenkins, Spinnaker, Tekton, Jenkins X and other CDF communities. 
cdCon is a chance for our global community to come together to meet peers, share best practices and ideas, learn from each other and hear about the latest trends in software delivery.






Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Start-Up
Diversity & Inclusion 
Community Awards
Community 
Media 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#cdCon




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Awards

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








