



Register | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Awards


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 






 


						Register					





Attendee Registration: ComplimentaryRegistration is required to participate.
REGISTRATION CLOSED


cdCon supports the tech community by helping organizations focused on tackling the diversity and inclusion gap. Through partnerships, we are driving initiatives to help underrepresented groups flourish and succeed in the tech world.  The CDF is committed to helping fundraise on behalf of Black Girls Code, She Code Africa, & Women Who Code through our registration process. If you’d like to make a donation, you may do so during registration. 


Black Girls CodeVision: To increase the number of women of color in the digital space by empowering girls of color ages 7 to 17 to become innovators in STEM fields, leaders in their communities, and builders of their own futures through exposure to computer science and technology. To provide African-American youth with the skills to occupy some of the 1.4 million computing job openings expected to be available in the U.S. by 2020, and to train 1 million girls by 2040.


She Code AfricaVision: To create an Africa where women are equally represented across all career roles and levels in technology.  She Code Africa is focused on celebrating and empowering young girls and women in technology across Africa, with technical and career skills to help them excel in their various fields in technology. With an impact of over 5,000 African women in technology and counting, we’re constantly working towards creating a more diverse talent pipeline within Africa. 


Women Who CodeVision: We envision a world where women are proportionally represented as technical leaders, executives, founders, VCs, board members, and software engineers.





Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@cd.foundation. 
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact cfp@linuxfoundation.org for more details.
Sponsors:A registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email events@cd.foundation.

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@cd.foundation. 
If you would like to substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation, return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.






Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Start-Up
Diversity & Inclusion 
Community Awards
Community 
Media 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#cdCon




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Awards

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









