



Recap: Linux Plumbers Conference Virtual 2020 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









September 22, 2020
Recap: Linux Plumbers Conference Virtual 2020		




Jonathan Corbet, Editor for LWN.net and member of the organizing committee for Linux Plumbers Conference 2020, got a first-hand look of what it takes to pivot an in-person event into a virtual one.  
With 6 months time, evaluation and input from some of the best and brightest minds in technology, and a desire to use a free-software system, LPC 2020 went forward choosing BigBlueButton as their platform. Much thought also went into timing, how much video-conferencing one can really take, training documents, speaker gifts of headsets and lights and more.  The committee’s thoughtful actions resulted in success, with nearly 950 people registered making it by far the largest LPC event ever.
Read all the details about Jonathan’s experience here: https://bit.ly/35Ra87R and thanks to all who participated in Linux Plumbers Conference 2020!





Post navigation
The OSS + ELC  North America 2020 Virtual Experience:  What to Expect, Who Will Be There, and Why You Can’t Miss It!Linux Foundation Events Monthly Snapshot -October 2020
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








