



Onsite Activities | Linux Foundation Events



























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Diversity Empowerment Summit
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference. 






 


						Onsite Activities					




Skip to page sectionNewcomer Orientation & SocialWomen in Open Source LunchAllyship Workshop with Dr. Kim Tran5K Fun RunBook Signing with Gordon HaffMaintainers Listening Tour:  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Focus GroupBook Signing with Frank VasquezPuppy PawloozaEmbedded Linux Conference Annual Closing Game

Newcomer Orientation & Social
Sunday, September 26 | 3:30 – 5:00 PM | Location: SPIN Seattle


We know what it feels like to attend a conference for the first time, and we want to help make that experience a little easier for our first-time attendees. Meet other newcomers, as well as conference veterans, at this informal gathering. In addition, pick up invaluable tips and tricks on how to best navigate the event.
Olympic ping-pong tables, food, and drinks! Pick up a paddle and be the first to get to lucky number 11 to score some bragging rights. Game on!
*Participants must be registered for the event, and have their event badge.







Women in Open Source Lunch
Monday, September 27 | 12:05 – 1:30 PM | Location: Level 7 Foyer


We’d like to invite all attendees that identify as women or non-binary to join each other for a networking lunch at the event. We will begin with a brief introduction and then attendees will be free to enjoy lunch and mingle with one another. All attendees must identify as a woman or non-binary and must be registered for the conference to attend.
*We will do our best to accommodate all interested attendees, but please note that participation is on a first-come, first-served basis.


Sponsored By





Allyship Workshop with Dr. Kim Tran
Monday, September 27 | 1:30 – 3:20 PM | Location: Virtual 


The Google Open Source Programs Office would like to present an Allyship Workshop facilitated by Dr. Kim Tran. The importance of learning that everyone can be an ally with different intersections and how to create safe spaces in open source is an initiative that will help our communities grow stronger. Dr. Tran is an experienced DEI strategist who works with communities across industries to facilitate discussions around equity.

VIEW ON SCHED

Note: You must be registered for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference + OSPOCon to participate.


Sponsored By







5K Fun Run
Tuesday, September 28 | 6:45 AM Meet-Up in Hyatt Regency Lobby | Run from 7:00 – 8:00 AM


Don’t forget to pack your running gear because the Fun “Run” is on! This activity is great for all fitness levels as there will be (3) pace groups: a walking, jogging, and running group. Your local walking/running guides will take you past some of Seattle’s famous landmarks such as The Museum of History and Industry (MOHAI), Lake Union, Seattle Center, Olympic Sculpture Park, the Seattle Waterfront, Pike Place Market and the infamous Gum Wall and Westlake Center!
There is no cost to participate and space is available on a first-come, first-served basis.
*Participants must be registered for the event, have their event badge, and will be required to provide their own running attire and water.







Book Signing with Gordon Haff
Tuesday, September 28 | 3:35 – 4:00 PM | Location: Sponsor Showcase (Columbia Ballroom, Level 3)


Attendees will have the opportunity to meet Gordon Haff, author of How Open Source Ate Software: Understand the Open Source Movement and So Much More. A limited number of attendees will receive a free signed copy of his book, so make sure you arrive early! Attendees may also bring their own copy to have signed.







Maintainers Listening Tour:  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Focus Group
Tuesday, September 28 | 5:00 – 5:50 PM | Location: Room 502
We are working together to create an open source project, All In for Maintainers, which will seek to highlight and develop maintainers who are committed to advancing diversity, inclusion, and belonging within their own communities. We want to create a program with maintainers for maintainers.  As part of this process, we are on a Maintainers Listening Tour where we are hosting a series of focus groups and individual interviews with maintainers who are interested in attracting and retaining new contributors with diverse backgrounds in an inclusive way.  We also want to hear best practices, lessons learned, and stories along the way. 
During this focus group, we want to learn:
What maintainers are doing to advance diversity, inclusion and belonging within their communities;What is working well;What is not working well;What challenges they are facing that may be prohibiting them from advancing diversity, equity and inclusion within their communities; and  What they would like to see in a program such as All In for Maintainers.
Please join us for an open and informal discussion on your experience with DEI in the open source communities you are leading and your aspirations for where you want to see it in the future.  Let’s open source diversity, equity, and inclusion!


Book Signing with Frank Vasquez
Tuesday, September 28 | 5:50 – 6:15 PM | Location: Level 5, Outside of Room Elwha A


Attendees will have the opportunity to meet Frank Vasquez, author of Mastering Embedded Linux Programming: Create fast and reliable embedded solutions with Linux 5.4 and the Yocto Project 3.1. A limited number of attendees will receive a free signed copy of his book, so make sure you arrive early! Attendees may also bring their own copy to have signed.







Puppy Pawlooza
Wednesday, September 29 | 10:05 – 11:05 AM | Location: Level 4 Foyer


Puppy Pawlooza is back by popular demand! We are excited to invite a few furry friends to join us this year at the event. These certified therapy dogs will be relaxing in the Level 4 Foyer with their handlers, waiting for your attention. Each dog will be on a leash and have their own blanket, and you’re welcome to come give them pets, sit with them, and enjoy the happiness that interacting with animals can bring.







Embedded Linux Conference Annual Closing Game
Wednesday, September 29 | 4:55 – 5:45 PM | Virtual – Online Only

Come join us for the Embedded Linux Conference Annual Closing Game! Tim Bird, ELC Program Co-chair, will host the event, which is a fun opportunity for attendees to win amazing prizes.
Please note: The game will be virtual and you can join via the MeetingPlay platform, and you will need your registration number to participate.



 




Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
Silver
BRONZE
Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Health & Safety
Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Diversity Empowerment Summit
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










