



The Linux Foundation Announces Keynote Speakers for Open Source Summit Europe 2022 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









August 4, 2022
The Linux Foundation Announces Keynote Speakers for Open Source Summit Europe 2022		




Global visionaries headline the premier open source event in Europe to share on OSS adoption in Europe, driving the circular economy, finding inspiration through the pandemic, supply chain security and more.
SAN FRANCISCO, August 4, 2022 —  The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, today announced the keynote speakers for Open Source Summit Europe, taking place September 13-16 in Dublin, Ireland. The event is being produced in a hybrid format, with both in-person and virtual participation available, and is co-located with the Hyperledger Global Forum, OpenSSF Day, Linux Kernel Maintainer Summit, KVM Forum, and Linux Security Summit, among others.
Open Source Summit Europe is the leading conference for developers, sys admins and community leaders – to gather to collaborate, share information, gain insights, solve technical problems and further innovation. It is a conference umbrella, composed of 13 events covering the most important technologies and issues in open source including LinuxCon, Embedded Linux Conference, OSPOCon, SupplyChainSecurityCon, CloudOpen, Open AI + Data Forum, and more. Over 2,000 are expected to attend.
2022 Keynote Speakers Include:
Hilary Carter, Vice President of Research, The Linux FoundationBryan Che, Chief Strategy Officer, Huawei; Cloud Native Computing Foundation Governing Board Member & Open 3D Foundation Governing Board MemberDemetris Cheatham, Senior Director, Diversity, Inclusion & Belonging Strategy, GitHubGabriele Columbro, Executive Director, Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS)Dirk Hohndel, Chief Open Source Officer, Cardano Foundation​​Ross Mauri, General Manager, IBM LinuxONEDušan Milovanović, Health Intelligence Architect, World Health OrganizationMark Pollock, Explorer, Founder & CollaboratorChristopher “CRob” Robinson, Director of Security Communications, Product Assurance and Security, Intel CorporationEmilio Salvador, Head of Standards, Open Source Program Office, Google
Robin Teigland, Professor of Strategy, Management of Digitalization, in the Entrepreneurship and Strategy Division, Chalmers University of Technology; Director, Ocean Data Factory Sweden and Founder, Peniche Ocean Watch Initiative (POW)Linus Torvalds, Creator of Linux and GitJim Zemlin, Executive Director, The Linux Foundation
Additional keynote speakers will be announced soon. 
Registration (in-person) is offered at the price of US$1,000 through August 23. Registration to attend virtually is $25. Members of The Linux Foundation receive a 20 percent discount off registration and can contact events@linuxfoundation.org to request a member discount code. 
Health and SafetyIn-person attendees will be required to show proof of COVID-19 vaccination or provide a negative COVID-19 test to attend, and will need to comply with all on-site health measures, in accordance with The Linux Foundation Code of Conduct. To learn more, visit the Health & Safety webpage.
Event SponsorsOpen Source Summit Europe 2022 is made possible thanks to our sponsors, including Diamond Sponsors: AWS, Google and IBM, Platinum Sponsors: Huawei, Intel and OpenEuler, and Gold Sponsors: Cloud Native Computing Foundation, Codethink, Docker, Mend, NGINX, Red Hat, and Styra. For information on becoming an event sponsor, click here or email us.
PressMembers of the press who would like to request a press pass to attend should contact Kristin O’Connell.
ABOUT THE LINUX FOUNDATIONFounded in 2000, the Linux Foundation and its projects are supported by more than 2,950 members. The Linux Foundation is the world’s leading home for collaboration on open source software, hardware, standards, and data. Linux Foundation projects are critical to the world’s infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, ONAP, Hyperledger, RISC-V, and more. The Linux Foundation’s methodology focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users, and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit us at https://linuxfoundation.org/. 
The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.
Visit our website and follow us on Twitter, LinkedIn, and Facebook for all the latest event updates and announcements.The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see its trademark usage page: www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. 
###
Media ContactKristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org





Post navigation
The Linux Foundation Announces Conference Schedule for Open Source Summit Latin America 2022Cassandra Summit Returns in 2023
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








