



Register | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						Register					





Helm Workshop: v2 to v3 is sold out.  Please add yourself to the waitlist below.Registration Cost: Complimentary
REGISTRATION CLOSED


Our registration system is now integrated with the Linux Foundation Single sign-on (SSO) platform. After clicking “Register Now”, you will be prompted to log in with your existing SSO account or to create a new one.
If you have forgotten the password for an existing account, reset it by clicking “Forgot Password.”
You will also be able to use 3rd party authentication providers (Gmail, GitHub, LinkedIn, and Facebook) to automatically generate your SSO Account.
If you experience issues, click the “Contact Us” link on the SSO page to connect with our support team.

Please Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@cncf.io. Refunds will only be issued for cancellations received two weeks before the start date of the event and may take up to 14 days to process. We have waived all processing fees.
If you are unable to attend, you may substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation. To substitute an attendee, you may return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#highway2helm3




Register
About
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








