



Virtual Swag Bag | Linux Foundation Events


















































Skip to content







 







Attend参加

Code of Conduct行動規範


Sponsorスポンサーになる
Programプログラム

Scheduleスケジュール


Contact Usお問い合わせ
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Leadership & Community Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Compliance Summit. 






 


						Virtual Swag Bag					




Skip to page sectionFossID (Bronze)
Connect with our Open Compliance Summit Sponsors!
Welcome to the Open Compliance Summit Virtual Swag Bag page! Below you will find offerings from some of our event sponsors. To learn more about them, please visit the virtual sponsor booths on the event platform. 


BRONZE









FossID | Bronze Sponsor
Get on top of your open source compliance effort with the help of this comprehensive guide book by Satoru Ueda. The book provides a foundation to understanding licenses and license obligations, and gives hands-on advice on dealing with infringements, using tools, distributing software, being in control of supplier deliverables, optimizing processes and organizations – and more! Register by following the link, and get your physical copy sent to you (in Japanese)!

SEND ME THE BOOK!











 




スポンサー Sponsors

ゴールド GOLD
シルバー Silver
ブロンズ Bronze 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#opencompliance




Code of Conduct 行動規範

Sponsor スポンサーになる
Schedule スケジュール

Contact Us お問い合わせ





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










