



About | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Committee Members
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast R/Medicine EventsR Consortium 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  R/Medicine Events. 






 


						About					





The goal of the R/Medicine conference is to encourage the adoption of statistical modeling and reproducible data processing in clinical practice by promoting the use of the R programming environment and ecosystem. 
R is a free and open-source programming language for reproducible statistical computing, data visualization, and application development. R is the gold standard in reproducible research in academia and industry and has powerful capabilities to create highly-customizable interactive analytic dashboards, as well as predictive models that employ machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence. 
R/Medicine was formed through a collaborative effort of the R Consortium with academic and industry partners including Yale University, Stanford University, the Mayo Clinic, and RStudio, Inc (now RStudio, PBC). Presentations at R/Medicine conferences showcase how the R ecosystem is currently leveraged in medical applications including clinical trial design and analysis, personalized medicine, the development of machine learning models using  laboratory and patient record data, and reproducible research. 
The 2020 R/Medicine Conference will be held virtually as a large webinar, hosted in Philadelphia on Eastern Daylight Time from August 27 through August 29th. It will include two tracks of pre-conference educational workshops: one foundational workshop, covering reproducible data analysis with a focus on health care professionals who have no programming background and a second workshop on practical machine learning with a focus on predicting outcomes from clinical data sets. The pre-conference workshops  will be followed by two days of presentations from representatives of biostatistics, the pharmaceutical industry, regulators, and the clinical laboratories. 
Past R/Medicine Conference Content

2019 CONFERENCE
2018 CONFERENCE







Sponsors

 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 


 


Register
About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Committee Members
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








