



About | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit Europe. 






 


						About					






ALREADY REGISTERED? JOIN NOW
NOT REGISTERED? REGISTER NOW 


Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2020 is now a Virtual Experience, happening October 26-29 on the Greenwich Mean Time Zone.
Due to continuing COVID-19 safety concerns, we are transitioning Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe to a virtual experience October 26-29 on the Greenwich Mean Time Zone. 
As our physical event shifts to a virtual one, know that we are taking thoughtful actions to create an immersive digital experience that provides you with interactive content and collaboration experiences. You will have the ability to network with other attendees, attend presentations with live Q&A, interact with sponsors real-time, and much more – all virtually, from anywhere. 
We’re excited to invite you to the reimagined Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2020 – a virtual experience where we will continue to shape the future of open source, together. 
Thank you for your patience while we worked through this fluid situation to determine the best path forward.





Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#ossummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









