



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit Europe. 






 


						Scholarships					





The Linux Foundation’s registration scholarship program exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend Linux Foundation events in two categories:
Diversity scholarships for traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized personsNeed-based scholarships for community members who lack the funds to purchase their own ticket
Scholarship recipients will receive a complimentary registration pass to attend their selected event(s). Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request.
Eligibility Requirements
Diversity Scholarship: Applicants must be from a traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized group in the technology and/or open source communities including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQIA, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities who are unable to attend without some financial assistance.
Need-Based Scholarship: Individuals who apply should be active members of the open source community who are unable to attend for financial reasons and are unable to get funding from their companies.
Applicants can be approved for up to 2 (two) scholarships per calendar year.

Registration Scholarship Applications Due:  October 22, 2020All Applicants Will be Notified By: October 23, 2020
APPLICATION CLOSED


Have questions? Reach out to scholarships@linuxfoundation.org and a member of our team will be in touch.





Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#ossummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









