



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





Sponsorship for LF Energy Spring Summit 2021 are now closed. 
Thank you to Our Sponsors for supporting the Open Source Community!

Why Sponsor?



Industry Leadership
Demonstrate your commitment to open source collaboration and capacity buildingEnsure the continuation and commercialization of rapid code development on critical projects in your portfolioContribute to the direction of projects by providing skills and tools across the industry as a whole


Community Engagement
Convene an environment that enables networking with business and technical leadersSupport the industry to work collaboratively to solve common challengesEncourage contributions through open source project structuresAccess to LF Energy training and learning environments


Collaborative Marketing
Amplify marketing and branding efforts around a timely and relevant issueDevelop joint messaging and brand awareness with LF Energy to support programs of importance to you








Sponsors

Event Partners
Media Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfenergysummit




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









