



FAQ | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

FAQ
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Featured Open Source Projects


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Academy Software Foundation Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Academy Software Foundation Events. 






 


						FAQ					





What is the format of Open Source Days 2020 and when will it take place?
Open Source Days is a virtual experience this year in light of the COVID-19 situation and will take place online this August 19-20. All session times are in Pacific Daylight Time (PDT), UTC -7. This virtual event will continue to deliver the same content you would have received in-person.
What are the benefits of attending the virtual Forum?
Receive the same benefits you would have had at the face-to-face event, but access these from the comfort of your home via a computer, tablet or phone – all you need is the internet.
What is the cost and how do I register?
The event is complimentary – Register Now!
What are the system requirements needed to participate in the virtual event?
We are using Zoom and this can also be used as a web-based, HTML5 platform, but downloading the desktop application is recommended.
Will the content be different in a virtual experience setting?
No! All of the sessions and content you would have had access to at a physical event will be included in the virtual event. While some of our onsite experiences aside from content, unfortunately, can’t be replicated online, we’re working on putting together alternate experiences that can, which will help provide attendees a fully immersive event experience. Stay tuned for more details!
How will the virtual sessions work?
Sessions will take place at scheduled times just as they would at a face-to-face event. Speakers will be available for a live presentation and Q&A. And of course, all sessions will be recorded and available to attendees on-demand after the event.
I attend mainly for networking. How is that possible in a virtual event?
We know how invaluable face-to-face networking is at events and we purposefully chose a virtual event platform that we felt most closely replicated the real-world capabilities for attendee networking at an event. Attendees will be able to connect with speakers and experts through  group chats and also engage in 1:1 chats.
What timezone will the forum be live in?
All sessions will be in Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) UTC-7.
How will the event Code of Conduct be enforced in a virtual environment?
All participants must abide by the Linux Foundation Code of Conduct at virtual events just as they would at physical ones. We will be monitoring language and images throughout the platform to ensure there are no violations of the CoC, and quickly handle any that we might find. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns relating to harassment, please contact a member of the conference staff immediately through the information desk in the event platform.







Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
FAQ
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Featured Open Source Projects

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








