



About | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference Europe. 






 


						About					






ALREADY REGISTERED? JOIN NOW
NOT REGISTERED? REGISTER NOW 


Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2020 is now a Virtual Experience, happening October 26-29 on the Greenwich Mean Time Zone.
Due to continuing COVID-19 safety concerns, we are transitioning Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe to a virtual experience October 26-29 on the Greenwich Mean Time Zone. 
As our physical event shifts to a virtual one, know that we are taking thoughtful actions to create an immersive digital experience that provides you with interactive content and collaboration experiences. You will have the ability to network with other attendees, attend presentations with live Q&A, interact with sponsors real-time, and much more – all virtually, from anywhere. 
We’re excited to invite you to the reimagined Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2020 – a virtual experience where we will continue to shape the future of open source, together. 
For 15 years, Embedded Linux Conference (ELC) has been the premier, vendor-neutral technical conference for companies and developers using Linux in embedded products. In the last few years, the conference has expanded its scope to include both the user-space developers building applications on embedded Linux as well as the architects and developers working to deliver smart connected products and industrial IoT solutions. Embedded Linux Conference gathers technical experts paving the way for transformation in these key areas from across the globe for education, collaboration, and deep dive learning opportunities.
For the second time, Embedded Linux Conference North America will co-locate with Open Source Summit Europe, mirroring the success of the co-located European editions of these events for years.

ELC brought together all of the critical participants in two deeply connected ecosystems – the embedded systems that run on devices and the frameworks that connect those devices. It is a small community of the brightest minds talking openly and sharing ideas. We found being there invaluable.NOAH HARLANFOUNDER, TWO BULLS






Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfelc




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








