



Schedule | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Virtual Event Details
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT EventsLF Edge EdgeX 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Embedded & IoT Events. 






 


						Schedule					





VIEW DETAILED AGENDA



Monday, April 277:00 – 11:00 AM PDTIntroductions, Agenda & Logistics, Business Topics, Architecture topic tee-upTuesday, April 287:00 – 11:00 AM PDTCadence Check, Architectural discussionWednesday, April 295:00 – 9:00 PM PDTHanoi scoping (General, Core, Application, Device service, TestQA, UI, System Management, Security Devops, Certification,…)Thursday, April 307:00 – 11:00 AM PDTHanoi scoping continued, Ireland road mappingFriday, May 17:00 – 11:00 AM PDTAction item review, Lessons learned for next meeting, “Unconference” – open time for any topic







Sponsors

 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Virtual Event Details
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










