



FAQ | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

FAQ
Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						FAQ					




Where can I find the speaker slides?
Review session slides from speakers who provided them via the event schedule, listed after the speaker’s bio. 
How long will platform be open?
The gRPC Conf virtual event platform will remain open through August 20, 2020. You can watch session videos, download your notes and interacte with attendees up till that date. 
Will all sessions be recorded?
Yes! Once the event ends, all attendees will be able to access the sessions and other content and resources from the event platform through August 2020. Additionally, all recorded sessions will be transferred to the CNCF YouTube channel on August 5, 2020 so they are accessible to anyone, anywhere.
What is the format of gRPC Conf 2020 – Virtual and when will it take place?
gRPC Conf 2020 is a virtual experience that will take place online July 27-28, 2020. This virtual event will deliver content over two days, including keynotes and two tracks of breakout sessions. The virtual event includes interactive networking chat channels, sponsor booths, ability to rewatch all sessions and the ability to earn points and prizes.
What are the benefits of attending the virtual event?
Experience gRPC Conf from the comfort, safety, and convenience of your home via a computer, tablet, or phone – all you need is the internet and a web browser.
Other benefits and features include:
Informative and timely content with live speaker Q&AInteract with other attendees in pre-selected networking rooms with group chat and 1:1 chat with other participantsGamify your event experience – earn points and win prizes by attending sessions, downloading a file, and interacting in the networking chat rooms. Don’t worry about missing a session: the event platform will be accessible 24 hours a day to all registered attendeesAnd much more – all virtually, from anywhere.
What is the cost for the new virtual format and how do I register?
Registration is US$25. Register now!
What is the time zone for the event?
Live content will begin daily at 10:00 AM Central Daylight Time (CDT) with presentations over two consecutive days. The schedule is automatically displayed in CDT. To see the schedule in your preferred time zone, please select the time zone from the drop-down menu to the right, above “Filter by Date.”
What are the system requirements needed to participate in the virtual event?
We are using the Meeting Play virtual event platform for gRPC Conf 2020 – Virtual, and this is a web-based, HTML5 platform. You do not need to download any application to participate, and browsers on almost all devices will work. View system/browser requirements here. Live technical assistance will be available within the event platform during the event to help you troubleshoot any issues.If you are experiencing technical issues within the platform, we recommend checking your wifi connection, reloading the page and clearing your cache as these tend to fix most problems. Please review platform FAQ and How To details in advance for further information. 
Will the content be different in a virtual experience setting?
No! All of the sessions and content are included in the virtual event. 
How will the virtual sessions work?
Sessions will take place at scheduled times just as they would at a face-to-face event. Speakers will be available for live Q&A immediately following the scheduled session time. If you miss the live session time, not to worry, sessions will be recorded and available in the “session video library” immediately following the session.
I attend gRPC Conf mainly for networking. How is that possible in a virtual event?
We know how invaluable face-to-face networking is at events and we purposefully chose a virtual event platform that allows for interaction in multiple ways. Attendees will be able to connect with speakers, sponsors, and experts through 1:1 chats or networking chat rooms with pre-determined gRPC related topics, interact in the social feed or invite other attendees to group chats or direct 1:1 chats.
How will the Event Code of Conduct be enforced in a virtual environment?
All participants must abide by the CNCF Code of Conduct in a virtual environment just as they would at a physical one. We will be monitoring language and images throughout the platform to ensure there are no violations of the CoC, and quickly handle any that we might find. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns relating to harassment, please contact a member of the conference staff immediately through the staff section in the event platform, or email: Vanessa Heric, Associate Director of CNCF Events (+1 949-415-4442; vheric@linuxfoundation.org)
I am a Speaker – who do I reach out to with questions?
For all session or speaker-related questions, please contact speakers@cncf.io.







Sponsors

DIAMOND 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 


FAQ
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









