



Novel Coronavirus Update | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









April 2, 2020
Novel Coronavirus Update		




Updated as of April 2, 2020 (Japanese follows English)
The Linux Foundation is continuously monitoring the COVID-19/Novel Coronavirus situation to ensure the safety of our community. Out of an abundance of caution, and in keeping with government policies in some cases, many of the events that were scheduled in Q1 and Q2 2020 have been canceled or postponed. Please check individual websites for the latest information specific to that event.
We have a number of events taking place in June that we are monitoring very closely. While at this time, our goal is to still be able to hold those events in-person, we are also making plans to pivot to virtual events at the point that we deem this necessary. We will continue with this model as the year progresses, moving physical events to virtual ones as needed.
At the point that it is determined that we cannot move forward with an event due to government restrictions and/or a continued concern for the welfare of our attendees at a face-to-face gathering, we will update all event participants in a timely manner.
For events that do move forward as planned in a face-to-face forum, we will continue to keep the safety and health of our attendees as our top priority and will institute all safety measures recommended by the WHO and the CDC at that time to ensure everyone’s health and wellbeing. This would most likely include measures as detailed below.
Onsite Safety Measures
Plentiful sanitation stations onsite with alcohol-based hand sanitizer, wipes, and tissueSignage encouraging attendees to practice Respiratory Hygiene & Social Distancing.A no-handshake policy at the eventRegularly sanitizing all surfaces through the event space Sanitizing speaker microphones between each speaker’s useRequesting anyone that is sick to refrain from attending or to seek medical attention right away should they get sick onsite
Recommended Resources
World Health Organization (WHO) Novel Coronavirus Daily Situation ReportsCenters for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Situation SummaryReal-Time Data Dashboard from Johns Hopkins UniversityUS Dept of State Travel Advisories
 

新型コロナウイルス関連のお知らせ

2020年4月2日更新





Post navigation
Linux Foundation, LF Networking, and LF Edge Announce Keynote Speakers for Open Networking & Edge Summit North America 2020Linux Foundation, LF Networking, and LF Edge Announce Rescheduled Dates and Full Agenda for Open Networking & Edge Summit North America 2020
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








