



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Speakers
Summit Gardening Days


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


Spinnaker Summit connects the global community as we find ways to come together at this challenging time. Attendees will connect virtually, interact live with speakers, and watch sessions through the Spinnaker Summit virtual event platform. We’ll recognize the success of the community and provide an open forum to share challenges and best practices.
Want to get involved? Email lindsay@modev.com for more information.






Sponsors

PRODUCED BY
DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#spinnakersummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Speakers
Summit Gardening Days

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








