



About | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Speakers
Anyscale Academy


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsAll Past EventsRay Website 
 













						This event has passed. View upcoming Linux Foundation events. 






 


						About					





What is Ray Summit?
Ray Summit brings together the community of architects, machine learning engineers, researchers, and other developers building the next generation of scalable, distributed, high-performance Python and machine learning applications. The conference will include those who are already using Ray and those who are interested in learning how Ray can meet their needs.
The conference centers around Ray, an open-source system for scaling Python applications from single machines to large clusters. Several common problems in scalable, distributed computing, particularly for high-performance machine learning applications motivated the creation of Ray. Ray is already used at companies like Intel, Ant Financial, JP Morgan, Ericsson, Microsoft, and many others. Ray Summit is produced by Anyscale, the company recently founded to develop Ray, along with products and services that use it.

Scalable machine learning, scalable Python, for everyone







Sponsors

platinum
GOLD
Host Sponsor
Community Partners








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Speakers
Anyscale Academy

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








