



Call For Proposals (CFP) | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						Call For Proposals (CFP)					




Skip to page sectionOverviewDates to RememberSuggested TopicsImportant NotesPreparing to SubmitCode of Conduct

Overview

Cloud Native Logging Day aims to bring developers and users from the Fluent community to discuss, exchange, and share experiences using Fluentd and Fluent Bit. Whether you are a pro operating at petabyte scale or looking to bring more visibility into your Cloud Native environment, we invite you to join the discussion.
The intent of this day is to provide a vendor neutral space for collaboration and sharing of Fluentd.  Proposals including proprietary solutions or commercial product offerings that do not discuss how they contributed back to the projects will not be accepted.   


If you have not yet used the CFP system, you will be required to register and create an account before submitting.Please CREATE YOUR ACCOUNT before submitting a proposal for the first time. Thank you!



Dates to Remember

CFP Closes: Sunday, February 21 at 11:59 PM PTCFP Notifications: Tuesday, March 9Schedule Announcement: Monday, March 15Recording & Slide Due Date: Wednesday, April 7Event Date: Tuesday, May 4




Suggested Topics

Example submissions of topics could include:
How to write a Fluentd or Fluent Bit pluginHow you are using Fluentd or Fluent Bit to solve a problemIntegration of Fluentd or Fluent Bit with another CNCF project
Expectations and Takeaways
FluentCon: Cloud Native Logging day with Fluent Bit and Fluentd will follow a virtual format is a combination of curated talks and self organized conversations. In addition to keynotes and talks, we will also feature timed slack threads to serve as our “hallway tracks”.  We believe this format will allow for great collaborations and engagement from the Fluent Bit and Fluentd communities to take on challenges and present solutions with one another in a comfortable setting. This will allow attendees to network, explore, learn, and educate all in a single day.
We are hopeful that, in addition to some great exchanges, that we’ll be able to share and capture topics, discussions, and key points.



Important Notes

All speakers are required to adhere to our Code of Conduct. We also highly recommend that speakers take our Inclusive Speaker Orientation Course.Complimentary Passes For Speakers – One complimentary pass for the event will be provided per submission. Avoid sales or marketing pitches and discussing unlicensed or potentially closed-source technologies when preparing your proposal; these talks are almost always rejected due to the fact that they take away from the integrity of our events, and are rarely well-received by conference attendees.All accepted speakers are required to submit their slides by April 7.



Preparing to Submit

Preparing to Submit Your Proposal
While it is not our intention to provide you with strict instructions on how to prepare your proposal, we hope you will take a moment to review the following guidelines that we have put together to help you prepare the best submission possible. To get started, here are three things that you should consider before submitting your proposal:
What are you hoping to get from your presentation?What do you expect the audience to gain from your presentation?How will your presentation help better the ecosystem?
There are plenty of ways to give a presentation about projects and technologies without focusing on company-specific efforts. Remember the things to consider that we mentioned above when writing your proposal and think of ways to make it interesting for attendees while still letting you share your experiences, educate the community about an issue, or generate interest in a project.
First Time Submitting? Don’t Feel Intimidated
Linux Foundation events are an excellent way to get to know the community and share your ideas and the work that you are doing and we strongly encourage first-time speakers to submit talks for our events. In the instance that you aren’t sure about your abstract, reach out to us and we will be more than happy to work with you on your proposal.
How To Give a Great Tech Talk
In the instance that your talk is accepted, we want to make sure that you give the best presentation possible. To do this, we enlisted the help of seasoned conference speaker Josh Berkus who has prepared an in-depth tutorial on “How to Give a Great Tech Talk”.
Part 1: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iE9y3gyF8Kw
Part 2: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gcOP4WQfJl4



Code of Conduct

The Linux Foundation is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for participants at all of our events. We encourage all submitters to review our complete Code of Conduct.



 




Sponsors

PLATINUM
HOSTED BY 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#FluentCon




Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









