



OpenJS Collaborator Summit | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

FAQ
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers


Features &Add-Ons

OpenJS Collaborator Summit


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Web Development/Platform EventsOpenJS Foundation Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Web Development/Platform Events. 






 


						OpenJS Collaborator Summit					





Date: June 22, 25, and 26, 2020Time: View the agenda hereLocation: VirtualRegistration Fee: Free
Thank you for participating in this year’s OpenJS Collaborator Summit!  You can review the sessions here.
Join OpenJS Foundation projects (AMP, Electron, Node.js, and more) and their maintainers, community members, and open source leaders for three days of working sessions and cross-project meetings. Summit attendees will actively participate in technical discussions, planning meetings, brainstorming sessions, and other open source project-related work in an unconference style. 
This event is best suited for open source contributors looking to get more involved with their favorite projects, project collaborators working on priority issues, and OpenJS Foundation community members who want to get more involved. First-time contributors are also welcome to attend. 







Sponsors

Diamond
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Media
Collaborators Summit – General 








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


FAQ
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers

OpenJS Collaborator Summit

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








