



Sponsor Guide | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

FAQ
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers


Features &Add-Ons

OpenJS Collaborator Summit


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Web Development/Platform EventsOpenJS Foundation Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Web Development/Platform Events. 






 


						Sponsor Guide					




Skip to page sectionGeneral InformationScheduleRegistrationVirtual Booth DeliverablesMedia and Communications DeliverablesAttendee Lead and Survey InformationPrivate Meeting RoomsCode of ConductSponsor Rules & RegulationsQuestions?

General Information

Welcome to the OpenJS World Virtual Experience 2020 Sponsor Portal! This is your resource for all your sponsorship deliverables and exhibit-related needs.
This year’s events will take place on the Intellum virtual event platform.
If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact Jennifer Tucker.



Schedule

Conference Agenda – Keynotes, Sessions, and Sponsor Showcase Hours
Exhibit hours may change based on the conference session schedule. Please check back for updates.
Tuesday, June 23:  10:30 am – 5:00 pm (CDT)Wednesday, June 24:  10:30 am – 5:00 pm (CDT)
For the complete schedule visit the OpenJS Program webpage.



Registration

OpenJS World registration is open and free to attend. Please make sure to register your entire team by June 19th. There is no sponsor registration code needed.
Page Moderator Designation – All Sponsors
We recommend that you have at least two people designated as Page Moderators. They will have access to the group chat on your sponsor booth page.The main contact for the event will be designated the lead Admin Page Moderator will have access to the reporting. You can designate a second person as an Admin Page Moderator.Submit your at least two Page Moderator names and emails via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10th.




Virtual Booth Deliverables

Virtual Booth Page Content
Content for your virtual booth page will need to be submitted either through the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form, through email to Jennifer Tucker or via Dropbox. If you have any questions about providing your content for your virtual sponsor booth page, please contact Jennifer Tucker.
Hero ImageAll Sponsors

2400×650, 10 MG in size, as either a JPG, PNG, or GIF file type.You can customize your hero image/sponsor booth page header to any image you choose, they must comply with the specifications stated above and as seen in the screenshot below.Submit your custom hero image by June 10 either via email to Jennifer Tucker or via DropBox.

Company Bio and/or ExtractAll Sponsors
Give attendees a highlight of your company and information about the booth. Submit your company bio via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.

Booth Page VideoAll Sponsors
Your video must be a .mov or .mp4 file and is limited to 3GBYour video will be added to the OpenJS Vimeo account and then embedded on your sponsorship page.Make sure to have a graphic at the start of your video, that is the image that will show on the page.Submit your video by June 10 either via email to Jennifer Tucker or via Dropbox.

External LinksDiamond/Platinum/Gold – Up to 5 linksSilver/Bronze – Up to 3 links
Your links can link out to any content you wish, demos, company website, additional content hosted on another website, job postings, the choice is yours. Submit your external links via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.

Downloadable FilesDiamond/Platinum/Gold – Up to 5 filesSilver/Bronze – Up to 3 files
Files can be directly downloaded from the page.PDF is the best! With a 1gb file size.Name files appropriately, as this is what displayed on the page and as the title of the download.Submit your downloadable files by June 10 either via email to Jennifer Tucker or Dropbox.
If you have any questions about providing your content for your virtual sponsor booth page, please contact Jennifer Tucker.



Media and Communications Deliverables

Social Media Diamond: 5 social media postsPlatinum: 3 social media postsGold: 2 social media postsSilver: 1 social media post
We encourage sponsors to post on social media platforms or websites during the conference, and it is entirely acceptable for a sponsor or sponsored participant to share a personal post, blog or tweet. However, any such posts must be solely on behalf of the sponsor or sponsored participant and may not imply endorsement by or co-messaging/affiliation with the Linux Foundation, the event or attendees not affiliated with the sponsor.All digital conduct, like all in-person conduct, should follow the  Linux Foundation Code of Conduct.Thank you tweets will be sent from the @openjsf twitter handle either prior, during or after the conference.Customization is available to Gold sponsorship levels and above, please email Jennifer Tucker by June 8.Submit your social media handles via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.
Customized Attendee Push NotificationsDiamond, Platinum, and Gold Only
There is a text limit of 500 characters for the push notification.Submit your custom push notifications via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.




Attendee Lead and Survey Information

Attendee Lead CaptureAll Sponsors
Each sponsorship level includes the ability to collect attendee contact information from those who visit their booth. The ability to survey the attendees who visit your booth is also available.Upon entry to the event, attendees will provide consent to share their contact information with the booths they interact with. Attendees who enter your booth will be captured as a lead and their information will be provided to you. This includes detailed information such as what videos they watch or which items they downloaded.

Attendee Booth Survey All Sponsors
Want to gather specific information from attendees during the conference? The survey link will appear at the bottom of the booth page, so you can easily gather information from attendees who visit your booth.We recommend creating the survey in your preferred survey platform and linking to it from your booth page. Some recommendations are Survey Monkey or Google Forms.You can set up your own custom survey within the platform, however, there is a maximum of 4 questions and they must be submitted via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.Submit your Booth Survey via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.

Custom Questions for Post-Event Attendee Survey Diamond – 2 QuestionsPlatinum, Gold, Silver Bronze – 1 Question
An opportunity to add a custom question(s) to the post-event attendee survey.We will provide the responses collected from this question to you with a report 2 weeks post-event.Submit your custom survey question(s) via the OpenJS World Virtual Booth Page Submissions Form by June 10.

 Post-Event Attendee Lead and Survey Reports InformationAll lead and survey information is available to download in real-time during the event.
Administrative Page Moderators will have access to report during and after the event
The following attendee information will be included in the leads report: 
First nameLast nameJob titleCompany nameEmail addressPhysical location including country, state
For privacy reasons, phone numbers will NOT be included in the leads reports. 
GDPR & Data Protection InformationAll Linux Foundation events are fully GDPR compliant. By registering for this event, each attendee agrees to the following privacy policy: 
GDPR/DATA PROTECTIONIn order to facilitate networking and business relationships at the event, you may choose to visit a third party’s virtual booth. You are never required to visit these third party booths. When visiting a booth (clicking on a third party’s logo on a booth icon in the exhibit hall, and any actions within the booth thereafter including viewing resources) the third party will receive some of your registration data. This data includes your First Name, Last Name, Title, Company, Address, Email, Standard Demographics Questions (I.e. Company Size, Job Function, Industry), and details about the resources you interacted within their booth. If you choose to interact with a virtual booth, you are explicitly consenting to receipt and use of such data by the third-party recipients, which will be subject to their own privacy policies.
If you have any questions on lead or survey information, please contact Jennifer Tucker.



Private Meeting Rooms
Diamond/Platinum
Meeting space must be confirmed in advance and may not be available if prior arrangements are not made.To confirm your meeting space, please email Jennifer Tucker. A confirmation will be sent to you.
If you have any questions on meeting rooms, please contact Jennifer Tucker.



Linux Foundation Code of Conduct

The Linux Foundation is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for participants at all of our events.  All participants are expected to behave in accordance with the Linux Foundation Code of Conduct.



Linux Foundation Sponsor Rules and Regulations

The Linux Foundation is dedicated to providing a positive experience for sponsors during the event. All sponsors are expected to behave in accordance with the Linux Foundation Virtual Sponsor Rules & Regulations.



Any Questions?

Check out the Sponsor FAQ for the Intellum Platform document for answers to common questions. – Coming Soon!
If you need additional support, please contact Jennifer Tucker.

 




Sponsors

Diamond
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Media
Collaborators Summit – General 








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


FAQ
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers

OpenJS Collaborator Summit

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









