



Allyship Workshop | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit Europe. 






 


						Allyship Workshop					





Allyship Workshop: Cracking the Conversation CodeThursday, October 29 | 13:00 – 14:00 GMTRegistration Cost: Complimentary; No Sign-up Required
Join us for a skills led session, where we will share how to crack the code of human to human conversations, which make us all feel included at work, presented by Ashanti Bentil-Dhue and Gabrielle Austen-Browne of Diversity Ally.

VIEW ON SCHED


Note: You must be registered for OSS+ELC Europe Virtual Experience to participate.







Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#ossummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








