



Virtual Swag Bag | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit Europe. 






 


						Virtual Swag Bag					




Skip to page sectionIBM (Diamond)Red Hat (Gold)SUSE (Gold)Synopsys (Gold)Datadog (Bronze)RISC-V (Bronze)TerminusDB (Bronze)
Connect with our Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Sponsors!
Welcome to the OSS + ELC EU Virtual Swag Bag page! Below you will find offerings from some of our event sponsors. To learn more about them, please visit the virtual sponsor booths on the event platform. 


DIAMOND










IBM | Diamond Sponsor
As a developer tasked with building enterprise-level AI applications, you’re looking to learn about the tools and techniques that will help you get the job done. In this book, authors Tom Markiewicz and Josh Zheng—developer advocates for IBM—explore a variety of the more common uses for AI in the enterprise including: natural language processing (NLP), computer vision, and chatbots. You’ll also learn methods for creating a data pipeline that forms the backbone for building these applications, with new insights on leveraging AI in your hybrid cloud environment.

DOWNLOAD E-BoOK











GOLD









Red Hat | Gold Sponsor
Don’t miss your chance to download the SE Linux, Container, and Container Commandos coloring books!



DOWNLOAD ALL























SUSE | Gold Sponsor
Enter to win a pair of Bose Headphones by completing this brief survey! The drawing will take place at the close of the event. 30 other lucky winners will be chosen to win a brand new SUSE backpack. Don’t miss out on your chance to win!















Synopsys | Gold Sponsor
A DEEP DIVE INTO THE STATE OF OPEN SOURCE SECURITY, LICENSE COMPLIANCE, AND CODE QUALITY RISK
 Open source is a great foundation for modern software development. But when not managed properly, open source can expose you to numerous risks—including licensing, security, and code quality risk.
 The 2020 Open Source Security and Risk Analysis (OSSRA) Report is the resource you need to learn why you need to identify and manage the open source in your code. Based on the anonymized data from more than 1,250 audited codebases, the report provides insights and eye-opening statistics about open source security, license compliance, and code quality risk in commercial software.

DOWNLOAD REPORT











BRONZE








Datadog | Bronze Sponsor













RISC-V | Bronze Sponsor
RISC-V is a free and open instruction set architecture (ISA) enabling a new era of processor innovation through open standard collaboration. The RISC-V ISA delivers a new level of free, extensible software and hardware freedom on architecture, paving the way for the next 50 years of computing design and innovation.Visit the RISC-V booth, click on the Offer tab, and take the survey to be entered into a drawing for your choice of one of 4 prizes:
Vega Board from C-DACSparkFun RED-V RedBoard – SiFive RISC-V FE310 SoC RISC-V HoodieRISC-V Bluetooth speaker + T-shirt














TerminusDB | Bronze Sponsor
CowDuck Swag! Who doesn’t love a good pair of socks? Our CowDuck socks will win your feet and heart – they’re all yours on completing this form!





 




Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#ossummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










