



Program Committee | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences
Speed Mentoring
Resume Writing Workshop
Allyship Workshop
Ask the Expert Sessions
Co-Located Events


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference. 






 


						Program Committee					





Thank You to the Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 Program Chairs






 


Timothy Bird
ELC Chair & Principal Software Engineer, Sony





Tim Bird is a Principal Software Engineer for Sony Corporation, where he helps Sony improve the Linux kernel for use in Sony’s products. Tim is also a member of the Board of Directors of the Linux Foundation. Tim is active in technical projects related to embedded Linux testing and standards, and is the maintainer of the Fuego test system.  He created the Embedded Linux Conference, and has been working with Linux for over 25 years.
 






 


Frank Rowand
ELC Chair & Senior Software Engineer, Sony










Additionally, Thank You to Our 2020 Program Committee!






 


Jeffrey Osier-Mixon
Sr. Principal Community Architect, Red Hat











 


Kate Stewart
OSS Event Chair & Vice President, Dependable Embedded Systems, The Linux Foundation





Kate Stewart is a Senior Director of Strategic Programs, responsible for the Open Compliance programs encompassing the SPDX, FOSSology, OpenChain, and other compliance-related projects. Kate was one of the founders of SPDX, and is currently the specification lead. Since joining The Linux Foundation, she has also launched Real-Time Linux and Zephyr Project.


With almost 30 years of experience in the software industry, she has held a variety of roles and worked as a developer in Canada, Australia, and the US and for the last 20 years has managed software development teams in the US, Canada, UK, India, and China. She received her Master’s in computer science from the University of Waterloo and her Bachelor’s of computer science (co-op program) from the University of Manitoba.
 






 


Thomas Petazzoni
Co-owner & CEO, Bootlin





Thomas Petazzoni is the co-owner and CEO of Bootlin, an engineering company specialized in embedded Linux development and training. For the past 13+ years, Thomas has helped customers worldwide in their embedded Linux projects, by working on Linux kernel development, integration of embedded Linux BSPs, build systems as well as by teaching training courses on these topics. He has contributed to the Linux kernel and is one of the co-maintainers of Buildroot. Last but not least, Thomas is also a regular speaker at the Embedded Linux Conference.
 






 


Marta Rybczynska
Founder, Syslinbit





Marta Rybczynska has a network security background and 15 years of experience in embedded development. She has been working with embedded operating systems like Linux and various real-time ones, system libraries and frameworks up to user interfaces. Her specialties are architecture-specific parts of the Linux kernel. In the past, Marta has served as Vice-President and treasurer for KDE e.V. She is the founder of Syslinbit, an Open Source focused company. Apart from that, she is involved in various Open Source projects. She is also contributing kernel-related guest articles for LWN.net. In addition to technical work, she is a public speaking trainer. She has experience with presentations on both scientific and free software conferences, including LinuxCon, Open Source Summit, Embedded Linux Conference, Akademy and FOSDEM.
 






 


Yoshitake Kobayashi
Sr. Manager of The Open Source Technology Department, Toshiba





Yoshitake Kobayashi is the Senior Manager of The Open Source Technology Department at Toshiba Corporation. The team provides a Linux based system and related technologies such as Database and Web application frameworks for various Toshiba products. His research interests include operating systems, distributed systems, and dynamically reconfigurable systems. Additionally, he is the Chair of the Technical Steering Committee for the Civil Infrastructure Platform.
 










Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Program Committee

Experiences
Speed Mentoring
Resume Writing Workshop
Allyship Workshop
Ask the Expert Sessions
Co-Located Events

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








