



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Attend

About
Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						Scholarships					





Cloud Native Computing Foundation’s scholarship program for Kubernetes AI Day 2021 exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend in two categories:
Diversity ScholarshipsCloud Native Computing Foundation’s diversity scholarship program provides support to those from traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized groups in the technology and/or open source communities (including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQIA, women, persons of color, and/or persons with dis/abilities) who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend CNCF events.
Need-Based ScholarshipsCloud Native Computing Foundation’s support for active community members who are not being assisted or sponsored by a company or organization, and are unable to attend for financial reasons.
Scholarship Applications Due: Monday, April 19 (11:59PM Pacific Time)All applicants will be notified within 14 business days of submitting their applicationor no later than Monday, April 26.






Sponsors

DIAMOND
GOLD
HOSTED BY 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#k8sAI + #k8sAIday




About
Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








