



Venue & Travel | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Venue & Travel
Visa Request
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 






 


						Venue & Travel					




Skip to page sectionVenue InformationGetting There


Venue Information



Western Digital
951 Sandisk DriveMilpitas, CA,  95035
This year’s event will take place at Western Digital in Milpitas, California. 







Getting There

Airport Information
Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport (SJC) is a 13-minute/6 mile drive from Western Digital.
Driving Directions
From Norman Y. Mineta San Jose International Airport (SJC)



 




Sponsors

GOLD 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Venue & Travel
Visa Request
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










