



Register | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Speakers
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 






 


						Register					





Attendee Registration: Complimentary
Donation Optional: cdCon supports our community and has pledged to donate 100% of the proceeds received from cdCon 2020 registration to charitable causes. 
Learn more about each charitable fund:


Black Girls CodeVision: To increase the number of women of color in the digital space by empowering girls of color ages 7 to 17 to become innovators in STEM fields, leaders in their communities, and builders of their own futures through exposure to computer science and technology. To provide African-American youth with the skills to occupy some of the 1.4 million computing job openings expected to be available in the U.S. by 2020, and to train 1 million girls by 2040.


Women Who CodeVision: We envision a world where women are proportionally represented as technical leaders, executives, founders, VCs, board members, and software engineers.


REGISTRATION CLOSED



Our registration system is now integrated with the Linux Foundation Single sign-on (SSO) platform. After clicking “Register Now”, you will be prompted to log in with your existing SSO account or to create a new one.
If you have forgotten the password for an existing account, reset it by clicking “Forgot Password.”
You will also be able to use 3rd party authentication providers (Gmail, GitHub, LinkedIn, and Facebook) to automatically generate your SSO Account.
If you experience issues, click the “Contact Us” link on the SSO page to connect with our support team.


Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@cd.foundation. 
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact cfp@linuxfoundation.org for more details.
Sponsors:A registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email events@cd.foundation.

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@cd.foundation. Refunds will only be issued for cancellations received two weeks before the start date of the event and may take up to 14 days to process. We have waived all processing fees.
If you would like to substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation, return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.

SCHOLARSHIPS
Learn more about the scholarship opportunities that are available for CDcon.







Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
SILVER
Start-Up
End User
Media 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Speakers
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









