



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Speakers
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





Thank you to our sponsors for supporting the Continuous Delivery Foundation community!
SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


Join the CD Foundation for a two-day virtual event focused on improving the world’s capacity to deliver software with security and speed. Become part of the conversation that drives continuous delivery by meeting peers, sharing ideas, and talking to industry leaders on all things software delivery and DevOps. 
The Continuous Delivery Foundation (CDF) serves as the vendor-neutral home of many of the fastest-growing projects for continuous delivery, including Jenkins, Jenkins X, Spinnaker, and Tekton. CDF supports DevOps practitioners with an open model, training, industry guidelines, and a portability focus.
cdCon 2020 expects to host 1,000+ virtual attendees, offer 45+ sessions with 6 project-focused learning and collaboration tracks, plus engaging and inspiring keynotes on each day.
Contact events@cd.foundation to secure your sponsorship today.






Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
SILVER
Start-Up
End User
Media 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Speakers
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








