



CNCF Slack Workspace Community Guidelines | Linux Foundation Events





















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Experiences
Instant Giveaways
CNCF Slack Workspace Community Guidelines
Diversity + Inclusion
Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Interactive Sessions
Co-Located Events


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America. 






 


						CNCF Slack Workspace Community Guidelines					




Skip to page sectionGetting StartedWorkspace EtiquetteReporting IssuesFeedbackChannels

Getting Started

Who’s Here
The Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) Slack workspace is open to all community members and KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2020 – Virtual event registrants. This workspace should be considered an extension of the virtual (or live!) event and used as a networking and collaboration tool for the community and event participants.  
Slack Guidelines
Please read through these guidelines carefully and remember that our event Code of Conduct also applies to our Slack workspace.
Update Your Profile
We’d love it if you took the time to update your profile and add a picture!
Share your pronouns with attendees! Add it at the end of your Full Name in your profile so other other attendees will be able to see it. Please be respectful of all attendees’ pronouns.
Add your interests or keywords (like ‘Kubernetes’ or ‘Serverless’) in the “What I do” section of your profile in addition to your Title and Company/Organization – that way attendees can search for each other by these common interests. To foster more accountability for what people post, no anonymous display names are allowed.
Update Your Preferences
Click on Cloud Native Computing Foundation in the upper left hand corner to customize your Slack workspace. If you have any questions about how to change something feel free to drop us a message in the #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk.
Our Slack workspace includes animated emojis and gifs – we’ve done everything we can to keep these rated G. If you think these may be unpleasant for you, you can disable all animations in your Slack by clicking Cloud Native Computing Foundation in the upper left hand corner then Preferences → Messages & media.
Workspace Channels
Once you join the CNCF workspace you will be automatically added to the following channels:
#1-kubecon-announcements – Event Staff will post pertinent information and announcements here throughout the event. Make sure to read any posts added here to catch up on the latest event information. #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk – Event Staff will be monitoring this channel (and all others) from 12:00 – 19:25 CEST on event days to answer any questions you may have about the Slack workspace or the event in general. If we’re not in, we’ll answer any questions as soon as we get online. If you need to email us, feel free to email events@cncf.io! #4-kubecon-mixandmingle – Consider this the hallway track we’d have at a face-to-face event! Feel free to introduce yourself to the community, share what you’re working on, or what you’re excited about learning at KubeCon + CloudNativeCon. #1-kubecon-sponsors – See what our sponsors have planned for the event. Get the scoop on the latest technologies presented in the expo hall, meet and greets with maintainers and speakers, technical demos, and –  of course – plenty of giveaways, raffles, and swag!
Join other channels – Click on “Channel browser” in the left-hand side bar and scroll through the list of other channels you’d like to join. We’ve tried to make these as organized as possible:
Informational channels begin with #1Session track-based channels begin with #2Co-Located event channels begin with #3Networking/Hallway track-style channels begin with #4Channels just for funsies begin with #5Specific sponsor channels begin with #6 
There are no stupid questions!This community and the entire workspace is a supportive space where you can ask other attendees questions you might think are silly or have obvious answers. The chances are, if you have the question, someone else does too!
Want to add a new public channel?  Drop the topic of your proposed channel in #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk and a 10-20 word explanation about why it should be added and one of our team members will follow up within one business day to review/approve/deny the request.
Want to let people know your communication preference? Use our newly added “communication dots” to alert people whether they can or cannot contact you. 



Red dot shortcut = :do-not-contact: Yellow dot shortcut = :contact-if-you-know-me: Green dot shortcut = :open-to-chat:
It’s easy to change your status! In the upper right, click your photo/icon. You’ll see a gray emoji and “Update your status” – click here. A window will pop up with “Set a status.” You can add text here, but you can also click the gray emoji which will pop up with all of your emoji choices.
Code of Conduct
Please make sure to review and abide by the KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Code of Conduct while attending the virtual experience and using this workspace. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns relating to harassment, please contact a member of the conference staff immediately, staff can be identified with “CNCF Events Team” in their Slack Name or found in the #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk channel. You can also email us at events@cncf.io.





Workspace Etiquette

Introduce Yourself
Everyone loves to meet new attendees! Drop a quick hello in #4-kubecon-mixandmingle and share something about yourself!
Say hello to new members and welcome them into the community. #4-kubecon-newcomers is the perfect place for this!
Be Respectful
Be open and respectful to every attendee – sharing is caring and everyone should be here with the attitude to learn and collaborateHave a positive attitude — be friendly, helpful, and encouraging.Answer questions. Collaboration is at the heart of why we’ve brought this community together.Be appreciative to those that have answered your questions.No one is perfect, and even well-intentioned people make mistakes.  Be kind in your discussions with others and remember that everyone’s life experiences are different.
Be Relevant
Ask questions and contribute — be sure to ask folks for help or advice and provide feedback where you’re able to.
Stay on topic – We have carved out different channels for specific topics. Please keep your posts relevant to the channel you are in to avoid any confusion. #4-kubecon-mixandmingle is a great place for water-cooler conversations or you can reach out to us in #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk with a topic for a new public channel. Remember to include a 10-20 word explanation about why it should be added and one of our team members will follow up within one business day to review/approve/deny the request.
Social Rules
Use inclusive language. We strive to create a diverse and safe community in which everyone is comfortable participating. When posting in channels, avoid using words such as “guys” or “ladies and gentlemen” to address a channel. Possible alternatives: “all,” “everyone,” “K8s friends.”Don’t be a jerk – we’re all in this together.Use caution with jokes, everyone’s sense of humor is different and words can be misunderstood over text. If you don’t have anything nice to say, don’t say anything at all.Protecting IP and legally protected information is your responsibility and this is a public forum.  Don’t presume anything said here will remain private.You are part of this community. If you see someone behaving disrespectfully, we urge you to politely dissuade such behavior. If you do not feel comfortable addressing the behavior, reach out to a KubeCon Event Team member by DM’ing anyone with “CNCF Events Team” at the end of their name. You can also email us at events@cncf.io.Use appropriate language – if you wouldn’t say it to your grandparents, don’t say it here. Keep this workspace safe for everyone. Do not send direct messages (DMs) or tag other community members who have requested not to be contacted. If you DM someone, they are not obligated to respond. Concurrently, if you are tagged in a post or DM’d, you are not obligated to respond. If the issue persists, or if the message is inappropriate in nature, please refrain from engaging in the conversation and reach out to a KubeCon Event Team member by DM’ing anyone with “CNCF Events Team” at the end of their name. You can also email us at events@cncf.io.Refrain from repeatedly tagging people with a question; this is a public forum and posted questions should be for response from anyone in the channel.Try not to ask technical questions in a DM unless the other person has offered support and requested a side conversation to continue the discussion. Don’t abuse the ability to tag someone. Try to only tag someone when continuing a pre-existing conversation with them, particularly when responding to a question that they have asked. We have disabled the ability to tag an entire channel with @here or @channel. All posts reflect the views and opinions of its author and do not necessarily reflect the views of The Linux Foundation or its employees. As a participating attendee you are solely responsible for anything you post.
Behaviors to Avoid
Any forms of disrespect — We do not tolerate impolite or offensive behaviors, including the use of explicit or vulgar language, images, and/or messages (e.g. racist or sexist remarks).Spamming or trolling other members.Illegal activity such as posting links to pirated content, advice on how to jailbreak software, or illegal bypasses of software security protection.Do not post or link to any private information (your own or others) such as credit card numbers, passwords, product/API keys, or any sensitive personally identifiable information. Take particular care when posting screenshots of your desktop.Marketing (with exception of official event sponsors in designated channels) — Blatant advertising and spam marketing will not be tolerated. Posting affiliate links to third-party services such that clicking on the link or buying the services within would directly or indirectly financially benefit the poster is prohibited due to the potential conflict of interest. Do feel free to share products or services you find useful where it applies to the workspace, or links to your own websites.No direct pitches — Only our official event sponsors are permitted to pitch and only within designated sponsor channels. Consider sponsoring one of our conferences if this interests you!Don’t hate on tech you don’t like. There is a good chance there is someone in the space who either helped create or likes to use that tool. Treat people and ideas with respect.There are no stupid questions. If people ask questions that are simple to answer on Google, answer them nicely still.No links without context — A link in the chat without context or explanation may be deleted.





Reporting Issues

The CNCF Events Team seeks to resolve conflicts peacefully and in a manner that is positive for the community. We can’t foresee every situation and thus if, in our judgment, the best thing to do is to ask a disrespectful individual to leave, we will do so.
If you experience disrespectful behavior toward yourself or anyone else and feel in any way unable or unwilling to respond or resolve it respectfully, please immediately bring it to the attention of a CNCF Event team member. 
We reserve the right, always, to deactivate accounts at our discretion should anyone choose not to abide by the spirit of our community guidelines or Code of Conduct.
The CNCF Events Team can be reached by DM’ing anyone with “-CNCF Events Team” at the end of their name, in #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk, or by emailing us at events@cncf.io. You are also encouraged to contact Angela Brown, General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org. 





Feedback

We are also happy to receive your feedback and suggestions regarding our guidelines so we can build a strong community. Reach out to us in #1-kubecon-suggestionbox, or by emailing us at events@cncf.io.  



Channels

Information Channels
Announcements#1-kubecon-announcementsPosts here will keep you up-to-date on the latest event info. No attendee or sponsor posts, please.Event Help Desk#1-kubecon-eventhelpdeskThis channel is staffed by the CNCF Event Team during the following dates/times (EST). November 16 | 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM November 17 | 9:30 AM – 7:00 PM November 18 + 19 | 10:00 AM – 8:00 PM November 20 | 10:00 AM – 6:30 PMSponsor Help Desk#1-kubecon-sponsorhelpThe CNCF sponsor services team is here to assist our sponsors on August 17-20, 12:00 – 21:00 CEST.Sponsor Announcements#1-kubecon-sponsorsGive our sponsors a virtual high five and check out all the activities in the expo halls!Suggestion Box#1-kubecon-suggestionboxThought of a way to make the event that much better? Tell us! (NOTE: We will not respond during the event to this channel. Urgent requests should be directed to #1-kubecon-eventhelpdesk.)

Track Channels
Keynotes#2-kubecon-keynotesAvailable keynote speakers will be here for at least 15 minutes after each keynote block to answer your questions!101 Track#2-kubecon-101In addition to the speakers and attendees of the 101 track, we invite all community experts to join and help answer any questions beginners may have!Application + Development#2-kubecon-appdevHave questions for our Application + Development track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!CI/CD#2-kubecon-cicdHave questions for our CI/CD track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Community#2-kubecon-communityHave questions for our Community track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Customizing + Extending Kubernetes#2-kubecon-custom-extendK8sHave questions for our Customizing + Extending K8s track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Machine Learning + Data#2-kubecon-machinelearningHave questions for our Machine Learning + Data track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Maintainer Track Sessions#2-kubecon-maintainerHave questions for our Maintainer Track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Networking#2-kubecon-networkingHave questions for our Networking track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Observability#2-kubecon-observabilityHave questions for our Observability track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Operations#2-kubecon-operationsHave questions for our Operations track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Performance#2-kubecon-performanceHave questions for our Performance track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Runtimes#2-kubecon-runtimesHave questions for our Runtimes track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Security + Identity + Policy#2-kubecon-sec-id-policyHave questions for our Security + Identity + Policy track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Serverless#2-kubecon-serverlessHave questions for our Serverless track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Service Mesh#2-kubecon-servicemeshHave questions for our Service Mesh track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Sponsor Theater#2-kubecon-sponsor-theaterHave questions for our sponsors after their theater session? Want to discuss what you watched with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Storage#2-kubecon-storageHave questions for our Storage track speakers? Want to discuss what you watched in this track with other attendees? Join this channel to start the conversations!Tutorials#2-kubecon-tutorialsHave questions for our Tutorials speakers? Want to discuss what you learned in a tutorial? Join this channel to start the conversations!

Co-Located Event Channels
AWS Container Day: Kubernetes Edition#3-aws-container-dayContinue the conversation from AWS Container Day: Kubernetes Edition hosted by AWS!Capture the Flag Security Challenge KubeCon 2020#3-capture-flag-challengeContinue the conversation from Capture the Flag Security Challenge KubeCon 2020 hosted by Trend Micro + Snyk!Cloud-Native Data Management Day#3-cloud-native-data-mgmtContinue the conversation from Cloud-Native Data Management Day hosted by Kasten!Cloud Native Security Day#3-cnsecuritydayContinue the conversation from Cloud Native Security Day!Cloud Native Security Day – CTF#3-cnsecurityday-ctfCloud Native Security Day NA 2020 Capture the Flag Challenge Discussions. Please don’t post flags or solutions here!Kubernetes: Beyond the Basics#3-k8s-beyond-basicsContinue the conversation from Kubernetes: Beyond the Basics hosted by VMware!Open Operators Day#3-open-ops-dayContinue the conversation from Open Operators Day hosted by Canonical!OpenTelemetry Community Day#3-otel-community-dayContinue the conversation from OpenTelemetry Community Day!Production Identity Day: SPIFFE + SPIRE#3-production-id-dayContinue the conversation from Production Identity Day: SPIFFE + SPIRE!ScaleX#3-scalexContinue the conversation from ScaleX hosted by Cisco!ServiceMeshCon#3-servicemeshconContinue the conversation from ServiceMeshCon!

Hallway Track Channels
AMA w/Priyanka#4-kubecon-ama-priyankaHave a burning question for Priyanka Sharma, General Manager of the Cloud Native Computing Foundation? Find her here and ready to listen!Career Korner#4-kubecon-careersLooking for a job or the right person for an opening at your company? This is the channel for you!Diversity + Inclusion#4-kubecon-diversityWe want to hear everyone’s voice. Use this space to discuss how our community can be more inclusive.Mix + Mingle#4-kubecon-mixandmingleThis is the virtual water cooler. Say hi to others, post your Snapbar selfie, ask a question – whatever!Newcomers#4-kubecon-newcomersNew to the community? Join this channel to chat with other newbies and perhaps the occasional seasoned attendee!

For Funsies Channels
Goldie’s Games#5-kubecon-goldiesgamesFind out how to contribute to open source games + meet other gamers to play against in the arcade, sponsored by Red Hat.Sous Chef Social#5-kubecon-foodShare the recipes you’ve been cooking up!Keep Cloud Native Well#5-kubecon-keepwellMotivate and inspire with how you stay well in this world.Movie Magic#5-kubecon-moviesFind a new art house film or bingeable show? Let others know what they’re missing!Music Mayhem#5-kubecon-musicShow tunes? K-Pop? Whatever your style, connect with others.Pet Paradise#5-kubecon-petsGet those fur babies ready for their close up.

Sponsors Channels
Sponsors#6-kubecon-[COMPANY]Sponsors had the ability to opt-in to their own Slack channel. You can find those that did under the #6-kubecon-[COMPANY] naming convention.



 




Sponsors

DIAMOND
Platinum
gold
silver
Start-up
End User
Diversity Supporters
Media Partners 






Join the CNCF mailing list to learn more about KubeCon + CloudNativeCon and other upcoming CNCF events!

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#KubeCon + #CloudNativeCon




Register
Experiences
Instant Giveaways
CNCF Slack Workspace Community Guidelines
Diversity + Inclusion
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Interactive Sessions
Co-Located Events

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 











