



The Linux Foundation Announces the Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 Program of Sessions, and its Pivot to a Virtual Event | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









April 23, 2020
The Linux Foundation Announces the Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 Program of Sessions, and its Pivot to a Virtual Event		




Vendor-neutral open source event will virtually feature 230 keynotes, conference sessions, in-depth tutorials, and networking discussions on Linux Systems, Embedded Linux, IoT, AI, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud App Development, OS Dependability, OS Databases, Diversity, and OS Leadership (Business, Community, OSPO) on June 29 – July 2.
The Linux Foundation announced today that due to continuing COVID-19 safety concerns, Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference North America 2020 will now take place as a virtual experience, occurring June 29 – July 2 on the US Central Time Zone. The full line-up of speakers and sessions has also been announced and can be viewed here. It showcases a program of 230 keynotes, conference sessions, tutorials, and BoFs across topic tracks including Linux Systems, Embedded Linux, IoT, AI, Cloud Infrastructure, Cloud App Development, OS Dependability, OS Databases, Diversity, and OS Leadership (Business, Community, OSPO). 
The OSS + ELC North America 2020 Virtual Experience will provide participants with numerous interactive experiences including: 
230 sessions with live speaker Q&AAttendee networking via 1:1 chat and group networking lounges across a range of topicsAn interactive sponsor & demo showcase with real time conversations with sponsors, virtual demos and downloadable resourcesGamification with the ability to earn schwag and prizesPlatform access for one year post-eventAnd much more – all virtually, from anywhere. 
“Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference has always been the go-to event for the entire open source community,” said Jim Zemlin, Executive Director at The Linux Foundation. “While we strongly believe in the power of face-to-face collaboration, we’re excited to create an all new, virtual experience where important content can be shared by an incredible line-up of speakers and the open source community can collaborate together to continue to propel open source technologies and methodologies forward.”
Registration for the virtual event has been reduced to just US$50. Registration is currently closed as integration with the virtual platform proceeds, and will reopen on May 5, 2020. Members of The Linux Foundation receive a 20 percent discount on all registration fees; contact events@linuxfoundation.org to request a member discount code. Please visit our FAQ page for more information.
Members of the press who would like to request a media pass should contact Kristin O’Connell at koconnell@linuxfoundation.org.
Additional Resources
Why Attend Open Source SummitWhy Attend Linux Foundation Events
About The Linux FoundationThe Linux Foundation is the organization of choice for the world’s top developers and companies to build ecosystems that accelerate open technology development and industry adoption. Together with the worldwide open source community, it is solving the hardest technology problems by creating the largest shared technology investment in history. Founded in 2000, The Linux Foundation today provides tools, training and events to scale any open source project, which together deliver an economic impact not achievable by any one company. More information can be found at www.linuxfoundation.org.The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage.Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.
####
Media Contact:Kristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org





Post navigation
Check It Out: Event Schedule and Keynote AnnouncementsVirtual Event Suggestions for Open Source Communities
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








