



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Call For Proposals (CFP)


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsAll Past EventsOpen Mainframe Project Website 
 













						This event has passed. View upcoming Linux Foundation events. 






 


						Sponsor					






Thank you to our Sponsors!
SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED



The open source movement has rapidly become the way code is being developed for today’s smart and agile businesses. Open Mainframe Project is at the forefront of this movement by being the project that supports and launches new open source initiatives that play an integral role in making mainframes modern to meet today’s business needs.
Currently, the Open Mainframe Project has nine projects including Anomaly Detection Engine for Linux Logs (ADE), Atom language syntax highlighting for z/VM, Feilong, TerseDecompress, Zorow and Zowe with many more gearing up for launch in 2020. 
The inaugural Open Mainframe Summit will bring together all of the different types of mainframers – from students to hobbyists, seasoned professionals to new engineers, developers, and educators – to share best practices, discuss hot topics, learn technical insight from the best, and network with like-minded individuals who are passionate about the mainframe industry. 
As an Open Mainframe Summit Sponsor, you are: 
Showing your organization’s support for the open source community building the modern mainframe ecosystem and educating the next generation of mainframers. Enabling the mainframe community to advance development work by providing the space to form connections with those evaluating and creating the open source initiatives for the mainframe. Leveraging real experience from thought leaders and influencers from across the industry within a professionally-organized conference run by a neutral nonprofit, where content is curated by the mainframe community


Contact cdavis@linuxfoundation.org to secure your sponsorship today.









Sponsors

PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
Media 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Call For Proposals (CFP)

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








