



The Linux Foundation Announces Keynote Speakers for Open Source Summit Japan + Automotive Linux Summit 2021 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









November 11, 2021
The Linux Foundation Announces Keynote Speakers for  Open Source Summit Japan + Automotive Linux Summit 2021		




Developers, technologists, and community leaders from the open source ecosystem and automotive linux community will share insights on advancing open source technology development and driving innovation of embedded devices in the automotive arena.
SAN FRANCISCO, November 11, 2021 —  The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, today announced the keynote speakers for Open Source Summit Japan + Automotive Linux Summit 2021, taking place virtually December 14-15. One registration pass includes access to both events. The keynote speakers can be viewed here and the full schedule can be viewed here. 
Open Source Summit Japan provides a forum for developers, architects and other technologists – as well as open source community and industry leaders – to learn how to gain a competitive advantage by using innovative, open solutions and to collaborate for the advancement of the world’s largest shared technologies. Automotive Linux Summit connects the developer community driving the innovation in this area together with the vendors and users providing and using the code in order to drive the future of embedded devices in the automotive arena. 
Keynote speakers include:
Josh Aas, Executive Director of the Internet Security Research Group speaking on Prossimo and Let’s EncryptBrian Behlendorf, General Manager of the Open Source Security Foundation discussing efforts to secure open source softwareDan Cauchy, Executive Director of Automotive Grade Linux sharing on the state of open source and automotiveDr. Ibrahim Haddad, Executive Director of LF AI + Data Foundation sharing on new projects and updatesDr. Audrey Lee, Senior Director, Energy Strategy at Microsoft, and LF Energy Board Member, sharing how open source can help decarbonize power systemsMiguel Ojeda, Software Engineer and Rust for Linux Maintainer sharing updatesKate Stewart, Vice President of Dependable Embedded Systems, The Linux Foundation sharing on SPDX and SBOMsJim Zemlin, Executive Director, The Linux Foundation discussing the state of open source and sharing on the latest Linux Foundation initiatives
Registration is US$50 and one registration pass provides access to both events. The events will be held in the Japan Standard Time Zone (UTC+09:00) and will be virtual, so all you will need is a computer and an internet connection.
Members of The Linux Foundation receive a 20 percent discount off registration and can contact events@linuxfoundation.org to request a member discount code. 
Diversity & Need-Based Registration ScholarshipsApplications for diversity and need-based scholarships are currently being accepted here. We place an emphasis on funding applicants who are from historically underrepresented or untapped groups and/or those of lower socioeconomic status.
SponsorOpen Source Summit Japan + Automotive Linux Summit 2021 is made possible thanks to our sponsors, including Diamond Sponsor: Automotive Grade Linux, Platinum Sponsors: Cloud Native Computing Foundation and Fujitsu, and Gold Sponsors: Collabora, Hitachi, NEC, Red Hat and SODA Foundation. For information on becoming an event sponsor, click here or email us for more information and to speak to our team.PressMembers of the press who would like to request a press pass to attend should contact Kristin O’Connell.
About the Linux FoundationFounded in 2000, The Linux Foundation is supported by more than 2,000 members and is the world’s leading home for collaboration on open source software, open standards, open data, and open hardware. Linux Foundation’s projects are critical to the world’s infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, and more. The Linux Foundation’s methodology focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit linuxfoundation.org.
The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.
Visit our website and follow us on Twitter, Linkedin, and Facebook for all the latest event updates and announcements.The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see its trademark usage page: www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. 
###
Media ContactKristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org





Post navigation
Linux Foundation Monthly Events Snapshot – November 2021The Linux Foundation Announces SupplyChainSecurityCon will be Featured Under the Open Source Summit North America 2022 Conference Umbrella
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








