



Cassandra Summit Returns in 2023 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









September 29, 2022
Cassandra Summit Returns in 2023		




Showcasing the future of Apache Cassandra®, Cassandra Summit 2023 will be a vendor-neutral conference managed by the Linux Foundation.
SAN FRANCISCO, September 29, 2022 — The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, is excited to partner with the Apache Cassandra® Project, Apache Cassandra® PMC, as well as diamond sponsor and previous event organizer DataStax, to produce Cassandra Summit 2023. The event will take place March 13-14 in San Jose, California. Pre-event training and activities are planned for March 12.
Cassandra Summit is where the industry connects to share best practices and use cases, celebrate makers and users, forge critical relationships, and learn about advancements in Apache Cassandra and the ecosystem driving today’s open source data infrastructure. This two- day, vendor neutral event will feature keynotes, hands-on labs & training, sessions and the popular hallway track. There will also be many places to make community memories in a festival-like atmosphere with experiential, interactive exhibits and entertainment breaks.
“We’re thrilled to be producing Cassandra Summit and to be involved with such a phenomenal community,” says Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events at The Linux Foundation. “The event provides the vendor neutral, collaborative environment needed to showcase how organizations everywhere are bridging Cassandra to the future. We hope you will join us in San Jose!”
Cassandra Summit will be presented as a hybrid event – attendees can join and participate in person or virtually. Registration will open in November. The Linux Foundation provides diversity and need-based registration scholarships for this event to anyone that needs it. Information on eligibility will be added to our website, under the “Attend” menu in November. Follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn for all the latest event updates and announcements.
Submit to Speak:The Call for Proposals for Cassandra Summit will open in October. Please watch this page for more details. All interested parties are welcome to submit proposals. Suggested topics include: 
Developing applications with CassandraCloud-native deployments and strategiesEcosystem tools that leverage CassandraWhat’s coming for future Cassandra versionsUse cases and sharing about best practices
Sponsor:The continued success of the Cassandra Summit will depend on the community of users and organizations that support the project. The sponsorship prospectus will be live in October.  Please watch this page for more details and email us here with your interest. 
Members of the press who would like to request a media pass should contact Kristin O’Connell.
About The Linux FoundationFounded in 2000, the Linux Foundation and its projects are supported by more than 2,950 members. The Linux Foundation is the world’s leading home for collaboration on open source software, hardware, standards, and data. Linux Foundation projects are critical to the world’s infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, ONAP, Hyperledger, RISC-V, and more. The Linux Foundation’s methodology focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users, and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit us at linuxfoundation.org.
The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our trademark usage page: https://www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage.Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds.
####
Media Contact:Kristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org
© The Apache Software Foundation. “Apache”, “Cassandra”, “Apache Cassandra”, and “ApacheCon” are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Apache Software Foundation in the United States and/or other countries. All other brands and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.





Post navigation
The Linux Foundation Announces Keynote Speakers for Open Source Summit Europe 2022The Linux Foundation and Fintech Open Source Foundation Announce the Conference Schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum New York 2022
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








