



About | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit EventsOpenPOWER Foundation 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Open Source Summit Events. 






 


						About					





OpenPOWER Foundation’s Summit event brings together leaders, members, and contributors of the OpenPOWER community and ecosystem. In 2020, we’re going virtual to learn and engage with the community that is building OpenPOWER silicon, systems, and applications. 
At OpenPOWER Summit NA 2020 there will be: 
A variety of technical presentations and tutorial sessions covering a wide range of topics including Open ISAs, Open CPUs, GPU/FPGA Accelerators, OpenCAPI, Databases, HPC, System design – Hardware & Software, Solutions, AI/ML/DL, Performance Tuning, Porting and of course end-user storiesKeynotes from thought leaders of the OpenPOWER ecosystemA virtual sponsorship area showcasing OpenPOWER member solutions both hardware and softwareVirtual networking 






Sponsors

Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








