



Sponsor Guide | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit EventsOpenPOWER Foundation 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Open Source Summit Events. 






 


						Sponsor Guide					




Skip to page sectionGeneral InformationSponsor Registration Access CodeSpeaking OpportunityMarketing Deliverables Code of ConductContact Us

General Information
Welcome to the OpenPOWER Virtual 2020 Sponsor Resource Center! This is your one-stop resource for all your sponsorship deliverables and exhibit-related needs. 
OpenPOWER is a virtual event and will be hosted on the online platform, Zoom.
The virtual event date is Tuesday, September 15, 2020. If you have any questions or need assistance, please contact Jennifer Tucker at jtucker@linuxfoundation.org.



Sponsor Registration Access Code
Each sponsor receives a Sponsor Access Code good for an unlimited number of complimentary conference registrations. The access codes may be used for staff, other employees, or customers. To register, please go to OpenPOWER Sponsor Registration and enter your access code. If you need your access code, contact Jennifer Tucker. You must use the link above to secure your complimentary registrations.
Please note: Speakers will receive a Speaker Access Code and do not need to be registered with the code above. Please contact our Content Manager Jennifer Crowley if you need the speaker code re-sent.
Important Notes For Registration
All staff must be registered for the conference.Do not abandon a registration once you have entered the sponsor access code. The access code will expire if the registration is not completed.It is currently not possible to add multiple people to the same registration. Each person has to be registered individually.  If you are registering multiple people, please complete a separate registration for each person.



Speaking Opportunity
Supporter Sponsors need to email Jennifer Crowley, LF Content Manager, directly regarding your keynote speaking opportunity by August 28 or as soon as possible.

Please note: Speaking slots are based on availability and all content must be approved by the Program Committee and the OpenPOWER Foundation.



Marketing Deliverables
Demo Video on OpenPOWER Foundation YouTube Channel
Supporter sponsors have the opportunity to submit (1) 15-minute demo video that will be posted on the OpenPOWER Foundation YouTube channel.
Submission guidelines:
Video length: (15) minutes maximumAccepted file formats: .MOV, .MP4, .MPEG4Aspect ratio: 16:9Recommended dimensions: 1280 x 720 (720p) or 1920 x 1080 (1080p)File size: 50 MB maximum recommendedInclude a title for the video.Include an optional video description up to 100 words max.
Once published on the OpenPOWER Foundation YouTube channel, we encourage sponsors to share and promote their pre-event video through their own social media for additional exposure.
Submit your (1) 15-minute video to the OpenPOWER Sponsor Dropbox or email it to jtucker@linuxfoundation.org no later than Friday, September 4. Video time slots will be assigned on a first come first serve basis.
Customized Video Ad 
Supporter sponsors may provide a 20-second video advertisement that will be shown on screen before a virtual event session block.
Video ads may be used to promote your company’s presence at the event, to promote products or services or to communicate call-to-actions.URLs may be displayed in the video, but please keep in mind that ads are NOT clickable.Exact time slots for video ads cannot be guaranteed so please refrain from time-sensitive announcements/content in your ad.
Video Dimensions & Specs:
Video length: (20) seconds maximumAccepted file formats: .MOV, .MP4 Aspect ratio: 16:9Recommended dimensions: 1280 x 720 (720p) or 1920 x 1080 (1080p)File size: 50 MB maximum recommendedInclude a title for the video.
Submit your (1) 20-second promotional video to the OpenPOWER Sponsor Dropbox or email it to jtucker@linuxfoundation.org no later than Friday, September 4. Video time slots will be assigned on a first come first serve basis.
Pre or Post Conference Attendee Email Blast
Supporter sponsors have the opportunity to send either a pre- OR during-conference email to attendees who opted-in to receive sponsored content. Dates are reserved on a first come first serve basis. Review the OpenPOWER attendee email schedule and send your preferred date to jtucker@linuxfoundation.org by Wednesday, September 2.
Conference staff will send emails on a conference-branded email template on behalf of the sponsor. Attendee contact details will not be shared. Finalized content and a 640px x 240px header image in PNG or JPG are due at least (7) business days prior to the send date.
Post-Event Attendee Survey Questions
All sponsors may submit a (1) question that will be included in the post-event attendee survey. Submit your survey question via the OpenPOWER Sponsor Submission Form or email it to jtucker@linuxfoundation.org by Tuesday, September 8.
Data from the survey question(s) will be shared with you upon the closure of the survey giveaway (typically two weeks post event).
Social Media Promotions
Supporter Sponsors will be recognized on the OpenPOWER Foundation Twitter channel. Please confirm your twitter handle via the OpenPOWER Sponsor Submission Form by Wednesday, September 2.
Recognition will be with (1) pre-event tweet per sponsor and (1) during the event tweet, thanking all sponsors. 
The official conference hashtag is #OpenPOWERSummit.



OpenPOWER Foundation Code of Conduct
The Linux Foundation is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for participants at all of our events.  All participants are expected to behave in accordance with the OpenPOWER Foundation Code of Conduct.



Need assistance? Contact us!
If you have any questions, please contact Jennifer Tucker at jtucker@linuxfoundation.org.



 




Sponsors

Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









