



Virtual Speaker Guide | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology EventsRISC-V Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Virtual Speaker Guide					




Skip to page sectionWelcomeDeadlinesSession InformationSession Recording InformationInclusivity CourseCode of ConductTips & TricksContact Us

Welcome!

We are excited to welcome you as a speaker for RISC-V Global Forum 2020. As a reminder, the event will take place virtually Thursday, September 3. Sessions will overlap US, Europe, and Asia working hours. The event will be hosted on MeetingPlay, which allows speakers to deliver content via pre-recorded talks and join for interactive text chat with attendees during the recording, followed by live video Q&A. The platform is web-based and HTML 5 and will be easy for everyone to access and use. 
Please click through the tabs on this page to access information.



Deadlines

Speaker Registration Deadline: Monday, July 27. If you have not registered, please do so ASAP to confirm your registration. Please register and use the access code RISCVSPK20. Pre-Recording File Submission Due Date: Friday, August 7Slides Due: Friday, August 7Session Polls Due: Friday, August 7Event Dates: Thursday, September 3



Session Information

The schedule has been posted on our website using Sched.com.
All lightning talks are ten (10) minutes long with five (5) minutes for live Q&A.  All breakout sessions are twenty-five (25) minutes long with five (5) minutes for live Q&A.  Please confirm your timing on the schedule.
If you would like to make updates to your speaker profile on Sched.com (biography, headshot, titles), send updates directly to nwashington@linuxfoundation.org, so they can be integrated with the virtual platform.



Session Recording Information

Pre-recording Information & Tools
All sessions will need to be pre-record, which will be played through the event platform. As the session ends, the speaker will then join via live video for Q&A with attendees (all attendees remain text chat only). 
Some suggested tools to use for recording are Quicktime, Google Hangouts, Zoom, a screen recorder, or something similar. The recording should show your slides/screen as well as you presenting using a picture in picture style format. Please feel free to reach out with any questions.Videos need to be received no later than Friday, August 7.  Please include a copy of your slides when submitting.

Presentation Template
An optional PowerPoint template is available for your use but is not required. Slides will be due with the recording on Friday, August 7.

Uploading Instructions for Pre-recorded Sessions
We have multiple options for uploading your pre-recorded presentation:
Add your recording directly into the Google folder (please email nwashington@linuxfoundation.org to confirm we received your file)Share your file with nwashington@linuxfoundation.orgOr let us know if you have an alternate method (DropBox, file sharing service, etc)
Videos need to be received no later than Friday, August 7.

Session Polls
You can include multiple-choice or open-ended questions to poll the audience during your presentation.  If you would like to include a poll, please send those questions to nwashington@linuxfoundation.org, no later than August 7.



Inclusive Speaker Orientation Online Course

The Linux Foundation, in collaboration with the National Center for Women in Technology (NCWIT), has created an online course designed to teach the viewer about inclusion, diversity, and unconscious bias. We highly recommend all of our speakers watch the course to learn tips/tools to use when speaking to encourage inclusivity in presentations and messaging.



Code of Conduct

Please read and abide by our code of conduct, which can be found here. We ask that speakers especially review this code of conduct and are inclusive in the words and images used during their presentation.



Tips & Tricks

Technical Tips for Virtual Presentations
Audio – as counterintuitive as it may sound, the single most important factor in a good video, is the audio quality. Eliminate ambient noise – close the doors and windows. You’d be surprised how much environmental noise gets picked up.Lighting – Do not put lights overhead and don’t put any lights or windows behind you as they will alter the light levels in your videos and create shadows.Background – don’t be afraid to show your natural environment – bookcases, plants, paintings – as long as they are not too distracting.Framing – place yourself slightly off-center to the left or right rather than directly in the middle of the frame.Camera Height – the lens should either be directly level or pointing ever so slightly downwards towards your face.Stand – we recommend you stand during your presentation to help project your voice and improve your posture. However, if you’re more comfortable sitting, then please do.Timer – Have a clock to keep track of the time you have remaining. 
From: https://www.greatspeech.co/video-presentations/

Lighting, Webcam and Microphone Best Practices
Best Practices for Lighting
For best results, use natural light and supplement with additional light as needed.Keep natural light in front of you to avoid shadows. A bright window behind you can make you appear as a dark silhouette. Interior rooms with no natural light source may require additional targeted lighting, such as a ring light, to brighten the speaker’s face.
Best Practices for Webcams
To ensure the speaker is looking directly at the audience, place the webcam at eye level.Avoid distracting backgrounds by checking the surroundings behind you to make sure there are no distracting colors or movement.Presenters should use chairs that are adjustable for height but do not swivel. Swiveling on camera creates a poor attendee experience and can be distracting.
Best Practices for Microphones
Use external microphones whenever available, as microphones built into computers and cameras often have lower quality. An external microphone allows the speaker to place it in the optimal location for sound.Place the microphone close to the speaker’s mouth, but not in the camera view.Test audio levels in advance.Manage noise by turning off fans, phones, or speakers and keep ambient noise to a minimum. Do not touch the microphone while unmuted.
Dress Code
There is no dress code for presentations, and we encourage you to be comfortable. That said, you must be aware that the Code of Conduct applies to this space, both in terms of what you show on camera and what you say. We ask that you be tasteful and considerate in choosing your clothing and surroundings. Keep in mind that we are a global community. Please refrain from wearing shirts with global brand logos that are not your own. Solid colors (not white) also work best instead of prints. 

Tips to Keep your Virtual Audience Engaged
Learn the Content: Familiarity with the content allows a speaker to focus on presenting, rather than trying to remember the points to make. To minimize worry about forgetting elements of the presentation, include notes in your presentation file and have a printout of your script or talking points.Practice Makes Perfect: Speakers should practice their content delivery in the environment in which they will deliver it, such as in front of a computer. Presenting alone to a computer can be awkward at first. To make speakers more comfortable, ask colleagues, roommates, or family to sit in front so they can present to familiar faces.Understand the Tools: Speakers should understand and utilize the content options available to them, to maximize the effectiveness of the presentation technology. It’s important to know the basic functions of the software, e.g. how to advance slides, manage Q&A or chats, before the presentation. Speak Up: Check audio levels before presenting, but also make sure to breathe at regular intervals to speak audibly and clearly. Maintaining a clear, even tone throughout the presentation will allow the audience to hear it without adjusting their volume settings.Look at Your Camera: If presenting via video, remember, the webcam is your link to your audience. Make eye contact with the camera so it appears to the audience that you are speaking directly to them.Don’t Fear Mistakes: Humans make mistakes, even during presentations. Realize that flubs happen and they won’t derail your presentation – unless you let them. Just keep going in your planned presentation and remember, the audience is forgiving.Be Prepared: During the presentation, have a glass of water nearby to sip as needed. Also, keep handy a printout of your slides or notes in case you need to refer to them.
From: https://www.inxpo.com/assets/pdfs/litepapers/How-To-Be-An-Engaging-Speaker.pdf

Additional Resources

Best Gear for Online Meetings – Webcams, lights, mics, tripods and more
19 Video Presentation Tips to help you give a great presentation (even if you hate the way you look on camera)
9 Tips for Giving Engaging Virtual Presentations – This article gives 9 tips and within each tip has folks from the tech world giving their advice in a fun/relatable way.
PACE Acronym for Virtual Presentations
Checklist for Speakers – this article provides checklists applicable for speakers that are live streaming.




Contact Us

If you have any other platform, speaker, or schedule-related questions, please contact us at events@riscv.org.

 




Sponsors

Platinum
Gold
silver
Bronze










Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









