



Register | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 









						Register					





Current On-site Requirements
In-person attendees will be required to be fully vaccinated against the COVID-19 virus and wear a mask while onsite at the event. Additionally, all attendees will need to comply with all on-site health measures, in accordance with The Linux Foundation Code of Conduct. To learn more about what is being done to keep our in-person event attendees safe, visit the Health & Safety webpage and read our blog post.

REGISTRATION CLOSED


Registered for Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference and attending In Person? Skip another registration form and add on LSS In-Person to your existing OSS + ELC registration.
REGISTRATION CLOSED




IN-PERSON RATES

AttendeeStandardJun 29–Sep 6, 2021$175ExpiredLateSep 7–Oct 1, 2021$250Expired

VIRTUAL RATES

AttendeeStandardJun 29–Oct 1, 2021$50Expired


Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org. 
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact cfp@linuxfoundation.org for more details.
SponsorsA registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email events@linuxfoundation.org.
MediaIf you are a member of the media interested in attending this event and have not received a complimentary access code to attend, please contact events@linuxfoundation.org and a member of our PR team will be in touch.

DISCOUNTS
Group DiscountsIf you have a group of 5 or more people, you can receive a 10% discount on all passes. All pass types must be the same, and all registrations must be processed under one group registration and must be paid with the same credit card. To create a group, select “Add Another Person” to your registration. When 5 or more people are added the 10% discount will be automatically applied. Please note: this discount may not be combined with any additional discounts. Please contact events@linuxfoundation.org for any questions.
Linux Foundation MembersThe Linux Foundation Member discount does not apply to this event. 

INVOICES & CERTIFICATES OF ATTENDANCE
Registration InvoicesYou should receive an invoice upon registration, however, if you need an additional copy or an updated invoice please submit a request here. 
Certificates of AttendanceTo request a Certificate of Attendance, please submit a request here. Please Note: We verify attendance through the registration system, and Certificate of Attendance letters are sent out after the event is completed. 

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, please log back into your registration, click the “Register/Modify” button, and select “Unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@linuxfoundation.com. Due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, refunds will be issued up until the start date of the event and all processing fees will be waived.






Sponsors

Host
General 
Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#linuxsecuritysummit




Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








