



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 









						Sponsor					





EVENT SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


Please email sponsorships@linuxfoundation.org to discuss sponsorship options and opportunities.

The Linux Security Summit (LSS) is a technical forum for collaboration between Linux developers, researchers, and end users with the primary aim of fostering community efforts to analyze and solve Linux security challenges.
LSS is where key Linux security community members and maintainers gather to present their work and discuss research with peers, joined by those who wish to keep up with the latest in Linux security development and who would like to provide input to the development process.


Demonstrate your support for the future of security by sponsoring the Linux Security Summit








Sponsors

Host
General 
Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#linuxsecuritysummit




Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








