



Register | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Hyperledger EventsHyperledger Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Hyperledger Events. 






 


						Register					





Hyperledger Member*Registration FeeJan 29–Jun 10, 2021$50ExpiredAttendeeRegistration FeeJan 29–Jun 10, 2021$50Expired
*Complimentary and discounted Hyperledger Member tickets available.  
Please see Hyperledger Member Registration below for more details.
REGISTRATION CLOSED




Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@hyperledger.org. 
Hyperledger Member RegistrationIf your employer or company is a Hyperledger Member, please register with a ‘Hyperledger Member’ registration type and submit your work email address. If, upon review, the company name and email submitted is not a Hyperledger Member, your registration type will be switched to ‘Attendee’. Please contact events@hyperledger.org with any questions.If you are a Hyperledger Member company, complimentary and discounted tickets may be available. Please send a note to membership@hyperledger.org if you need your member discount codes. 
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact cfp@linuxfoundation.org  for more details.
SponsorsA registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email events@hyperledger.org.
MediaIf you are a member of the media interested in attending this event and have not received a complimentary access code to attend, please contact pr@hyperledger.org and a member of our PR team will be in touch.

DISCOUNTS
Group DiscountsIf you have a group of 5 or more people, you can receive a 10% discount on all passes. All pass types must be the same, and all registrations must be processed under one group registration and must be paid with the same credit card. To create a group, select “Add Another Person” to your registration. When 5 or more people are added the 10% discount will be automatically applied. Please note: this discount may not be combined with any additional discounts. Please contact events@hyperledger.org for any questions.
ScholarshipsFor information about scholarship opportunities, please click here.

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@hyperledger.org. Refunds will only be issued for cancellations received two weeks before the start date of the event and may take up to 14 days to process. We have waived all processing fees.
If you are unable to attend, you may substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation. To substitute an attendee, you may return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.






Sponsors

DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER
Closed Captioning & Translation
Diversity & Inclusion 
BoF Session
Community Partners
MEDIA PARTNERS








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#hyperledgerforum




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








