



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Committee Members
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast R/Medicine EventsR Consortium 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  R/Medicine Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED



R/Medicine is committed to making its contents affordable and open to the public. To provide a large pool of deeply discounted tickets, we plan to raise $50,000 with sponsors this year.
Sponsorship price is $5,000 and includes:
Five (5) individual registrations (a $500 value)Your organization’s logo displayed on the conference website and at the beginning of each talkAn optional 10-minute slot at the conference where you may talk about how you use R in your organization
Sponsors will benefit from direct access to one of the main organizers to address any questions or extra requests. We will work with you to find creative ways to optimize the value you receive from your sponsorship. 
Interested in sponsoring?
Contact sponsorship@r-consortium.org for more information.





Sponsors

 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 


 


Register
About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Committee Members
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








