



Venue & Travel | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Venue & Travel
Health & Safety
About Palm Springs
Visa Letter Request
Travel Funding
Child Care
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Call for Proposals (CFP)
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsLinux Plumbers ConferencePast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 






 


						Venue & Travel					




Skip to page sectionVenue InformationHotel InformationGetting There

Venue Information



Margaritaville Resort Palm Springs
1600 N Indian Canyon DrPalm Springs, CA 92262






Hotel Information



Our original negotiated discounted conference room rate has sold out. We have a small number of rooms left at a rate of $169/night.
Resort Fee Includes: Complimentary self-parking for one car per room, access to wireless internet services in guestrooms, fitness center access, in-room coffee and tea, incoming faxes, bicycle usage, and golf bag storage.
Room Block Closes: April 16, 2022
Dates with Availability: April 30, May 1, 2, 3, 4

BOOK NOW



Hotel Rating: ★★★★ | Hotel Website
Cancellation PolicyRooms canceled less than 72 hours prior to arrival will be charged a one night room and tax charge of $178.92.
Early Departure FeeThe hotel’s early departure fee is one night’s room and tax.
No-Show FeeThe hotel’s no-show fee is one night’s room and tax.





Getting There



Airport Information
The easiest option to get to the Margaritaville Resort Palm Springs is to fly into the Palm Springs International Airport, which is located just 4 miles from the hotel. 
Other area airport options are:Ontario International Airport (90 minutes) Los Angeles International Airport (2 hours, 15 minutes)Orange County’s John Wayne Airport (2 hours)


Parking
Complimentary self-parking is available for hotel guests within a short walking distance from the hotel entrance. Valet parking is also available for $18 per day.




Taxi, Rideshare, & Shuttle Options
Coachella Valley Taxi – 760-992 5337Desert City Cab – 760-328-3000Yellow Cab of the Desert – 760-340-8294AM/PM Shuttle Service: 760-409-8826Shuttle service is approx $23 each way. Taxi service is approx $15-$20 each way.
Both Uber and Lyft provide pick-ups and drop-offs at the Palm Springs International Airport. Drop-offs are allowed curbside in front of the terminal building.  
For pick-ups, follow the Rideshare signage to the designated area located at the south end of the terminal, in the commercial lane across the street from WestJet Airlines.


Driving Directions
Drive time from Palm Springs International Airport takes approximately 10 minutes.
Directions from the Palm Springs International Airport




 




Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD







Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Venue & Travel
Health & Safety
About Palm Springs
Visa Letter Request
Travel Funding
Child Care
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Call for Proposals (CFP)
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










