



Experiences | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference Europe. 






 


						Experiences					





The Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference Europe 2020 Virtual Experience offered a wealth of content and education across 250 sessions and unparalleled networking and fun experiences including:



Network
Network with attendees across topic-specific chat rooms.



Search + Connect
Search for attendees with common interests and connect 1:1.



Fun + Games
Play arcade games, experience a live magic show, compete in a pub-style trivia challenge, snap your photo in a virtual photo booth and more!





Ask the Experts Sessions
Engage with Linux kernel and other open source project maintainers, community leaders and technical experts to get all of your questions answered in our Reddit AMA style Q&A sessions.



Technical Resume Writing Workshop
An interactive workshop led by Lindsey Anne Thorne, Managing Director at Vaco, on the do’s and don’ts of writing a technical resume.



Mentorship Session: Writing Change Logs that Make Sense
Join us for Mentorship Session: Writing Change Logs That Make Sense, with Shuah Khan, Kernel Maintainer & Fellow, The Linux Foundation.









Wellness Experiences
Participate in wellness and zen activities – yoga, desk stretching, meditation, a fitness ‘fun-raiser’ and penguin cams.



Allyship Workshop: Having Difficult Conversations
Presented by Ashanti Bentil-Dhue and Gabrielle Austen-Browne of Diversity Ally











Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfelc




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









