



Technical Resume Writing Workshop | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference Europe. 






 


						Technical Resume Writing Workshop					





Thursday, October 29 | 16:00 – 17:30 GMTRegistration Cost: Complimentary; No Sign-up Required
Join us for an interactive workshop led by Lindsey Anne Thorne, Managing Director at Vaco, on the do’s and don’ts of writing a technical resume. Extra attention will be placed on showing off and highlighting your open source contributions!
As managing director, Lindsey provides technology and open source solutions for Vaco’s clients. Lindsey built this practice out when she joined in 2012, and the team is committed to the Open-Source Community. Similarly to how open-source software is developed in a collaborative public manner, Lindsey also prides herself on maintaining a transparent and autonomous team to best serve the client’s needs.

VIEW ON SCHED


Note: You must be registered for OSS+ELC Europe Virtual Experience to participate.







Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfelc




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








