



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events



























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Diversity Empowerment Summit
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference. 






 


						Scholarships					




Skip to page sectionScholarshipsTravel FundingQuestions?

Scholarships
The Linux Foundation’s Registration Scholarship program exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend Linux Foundation events in two categories:


Diversity Registration Scholarships
Eligibility Requirements: Applicants must be from a traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized group in the technology and/or open source communities who are unable to attend without some financial assistance. Including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQIA+, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities. 


Need-based Registration Scholarships
Eligibility Requirements: Individuals who apply should be active members of the open source community who are unable to attend for financial reasons and are unable to get funding from their companies.


Registration Scholarship recipients will receive a complimentary registration pass. Registration Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request. 
Receipt of a scholarship does not, on its own, guarantee entry to the event. Recipients need to adhere to The Linux Foundation COVID-19 rules and regulations. If the recipient does not meet Covid-19 requirements for the event, the scholarship is null and void. Please Note: Attendance at 2021 in-person events requires proof of vaccination.
Applicants can be approved for up to 2 (two) Registration Scholarships per calendar year.
Registration Scholarship Application Deadline: August 19, 2021All Applicants Notified By: August 26, 2021

APPLICATION CLOSED




Travel Funding
Please note: Travel expenses are not covered under this Registration Scholarship. If you require travel funding in order to attend this event, please fill out the Travel Fund Request Form prior to submitting this Registration Scholarship application.
Unfortunately, we are not able to provide Travel Funding for all requests received. If you require Travel Funding in order to attend this event, we ask that you wait for confirmation that your request has been approved before completing the Registration Scholarship request.
Receipt of Travel Funding does not guarantee entry to the event.  Recipients need to adhere to The Linux Foundation COVID-19 rules and regulations. If the recipient does not meet COVID-19 requirements for the event, the travel fund allotted is null and void. Should the recipient not be able to travel due to COVID-19 and travel has already been booked, the recipient will need to work with airlines and hotels to receive a refund. If a refund is not a possibility, The Linux Foundation will reimburse for incurred travel expenses within the allotted amount. Please Note: Attendance at 2021 in-person events requires proof of vaccination.
Travel Funding Application Deadline: August 5, 2021All Applicants Notified By: August 12, 2021

APPLICATION CLOSED


The Linux Foundation recommends that Registration Scholarship and Travel Funding applicants check with the event host country’s visa and application requirements prior to application submission.



Questions?
Reach out to scholarships@linuxfoundation.org and a member of our team will be in touch.


 




Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
Silver
BRONZE
Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Health & Safety
Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Diversity Empowerment Summit
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










