



Diversity + Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Virtual Backgrounds
Keep Cloud Native Well
Experiences
Where in the World is Phippy?
Diversity Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Co-Located Events


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe. 






 


						Diversity + Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralRegistration Discounts/ScholarshipsEmpowerUsPeer Group Mentoring + Career NetworkingClosed CaptioningContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the CNCF ecosystem and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.



Registration Discounts/Scholarships

To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based registration scholarships, and discounts to our conferences.
Diversity Scholarships: Additional information and application can be found here.


Conversations


EmpowerUs: How Lean Innovation Turns Uncertainty into Opportunity
August 18 | 17:15 – 18:15 CEST
Life, technology, and business are all a series of challenges and opportunities. How we respond to adverse circumstances, from startup pivots to struggling collaborations to global pandemics, can define our companies, and us. When faced with uncertainty, the best way to empower yourself, your company and each other is through innovation. And the best way to innovate is to commit, with confidence and conviction, to what you believe in, and yet be agile and open enough to identify and capitalize on the opportunities for learning that a diverse, fast-moving world creates. With this foundation of innovation, comes true empowerment and potential for progress.
Join Ali Fenn, President of ITRenew and Heather McGough, CEO of Lean Startup for a frank and candid conversation about what they’re seeing in the market today, what they’ve learned throughout their careers about continuing to drive important agendas forward without compromise, how they’re guiding their organizations through change, and why they’re coaching others to embrace diverse ideas, people and approaches that challenge traditional business dynamics.
Whether you are a seasoned professional or early in career, getting a startup off the ground or steering a multinational organization, join attendees who identify as women or non-binary individuals for an open discussion about challenge, leadership innovation, and empowerment. You may just hear an idea that sparks you, or contribute one that helps someone else!
RSVP today! An official RSVP for the EmpowerUs conversation is required.

RSVP CLOSED

Thank you to our sponsor!





Peer Group Mentoring + Career Networking
August 20 | 18:50 CEST


The community collectively has an immense depth of knowledge and expertise which we can explore and learn from at this collaborative event. Whether you’re new, or not so new to open source and the cloud native community, we invite you to register to attend the KubeCon Peer Group Mentoring + Career Networking Session. You’ll have the chance to meet with experienced open source veterans across many CNCF projects. You will be paired with 2- 4 other people in a pod like setting to explore technical and community questions together.

MENTEE SIGN-UPS CLOSED



Are you part of a SIG? An ambassador of a cloud native project and want to help others with using or contributing to your project? Are you a code committer? An issue opener? A documentation writer? We’re looking for mentors of all backgrounds and experience levels (including new folks!) across the entire ecosystem with technical, community, and career experience to sign up for one or both sessions. Even if you’re a newcomer, if you’ve even successfully navigated the PR process you have skills and insights to share! We will provide you with FAQs of attendees upfront so you know what to expect. Sign up here to be a mentor and help hundreds.

MENTEE SIGN-UPS CLOSED







Closed Captioning

Closed captioning through Wordly will be available for each session when it “goes live.” A Wordly icon will appear at the bottom of the platform screen when you are logged in to each presentation. Simply click the icon and choose from one of 18 languages so that you won’t miss a beat from any presenter(s). Please note that once each session has played at its “live” time, closed captioning will not be available for the videos on-demand within Intrado. If you are watching a video on-demand and need closed captioning, you can find a transcript of the presentation in Sched.
Languages available through Wordly:
English (US)ArabicBengaliChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)Dutch – English (AU)English (UK)French (CA)French (FR)GermanHindiItalianJapaneseKoreanPortuguese (BR)Portuguese (PT)Russian



Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

DIAMOND
Platinum
GOLD
SILVER
START-UP
END USER
DIVERSITY SUPPORTERS
MEDIA PARTNERS 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 


Virtual Backgrounds
Keep Cloud Native Well
Experiences
Where in the World is Phippy?
Diversity Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Co-Located Events

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










