



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Leadership & Community Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Leadership & Community Events. 









						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralCaptioningContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Linux ecosystem, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, dis/ability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.



Captioning

Captioning will be available for this event. A caption icon will appear at the bottom of the platform screen – simply click the icon and choose from one of the languages so that you won’t miss a beat from any presenter(s).



Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfmembersummit




Register
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Featured Speakers

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









