



33% of Open Source Summit North America speakers identify as female or non-binary! | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









April 17, 2023
33% of Open Source Summit North America speakers identify as female or non-binary!		




At The Linux Foundation, we believe that diversity and inclusion are crucial to building strong and vibrant open source communities. We are committed to creating an environment that embraces diverse voices and experiences, which can lead to unique perspectives, creativity, and innovation that benefit us all.
That being said, we have some awesome news to share: 33% of the speakers at the Open Source Summit North America identify as female or non-binary! We continuously strive to give everyone, regardless of their background or identity, a platform to shine and share their skills with the world. Everyone is welcome at LF events – to participate, present, share, and grow personally and professionally.
While we continuously promote equity and cultivate an environment where everyone feels valued, respected, and empowered, we want to be sure anyone with ideas and thoughts to further these goals is heard. So, if you have any suggestions or thoughts, please feel free to share them with us at events@linuxfoundation.org. We’re always eager to listen and collaborate with you.
Last but not least, if this has motivated you to get more involved in the community, we would love to hear from you! Check out the live Call for Proposals and share your valuable thoughts and expertise with us. Our community is waiting to hear from passionate individuals like you! You can also email us at cfp@linuxfoundation.org with any questions about submitting a speaking proposal. 
Thanks for participating in our journey towards a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive world! Let’s continue to learn and grow together.





Post navigation
Why You Can’t Miss This Year’s Open Source Summit North America, May 10-12 in Vancouver, CanadaA Huge ‘Thank You’ to This Year’s Embedded Open Source Summit Program Committee
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








