



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events



























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Diversity Empowerment Summit
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit North America. 






 


						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralScholarships & Travel FundingCaptioningProgrammingOnsite ResourcesCHAOSS D&I Event BadgeEmergency ResourcesContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Linux ecosystem, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.
Below are the opt-in statistics from the Open Source Summit + Embedded Linux Conference 2020 Virtual Experience. Please note, attendee demographic questions are optional for speakers and attendees, and are based on opt-in only responses.



Attendee Gender
Man: 74%Woman: 16%Non-Binary: 1%Prefer Not to Answer: 9%


Geographic Representation
109 Countries





Scholarships & Travel Funding
To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based scholarships and discounts, as well as travel funding, to our conferences.

LEARN MORE




Captioning

Live captioning is available in English during the event via the Live Caption feature in Google Chrome. Please click here for instructions on how to use this feature, as well as tips and customization features. 
For captioning in other languages, conference recordings will be posted to the Linux Foundation YouTube channel within 4 weeks of the conclusion of the event.  YouTube offers captioning in over 50 languages.



Programming

Better Together Diversity SocialSunday, September 26The Better Together Diversity Social offers the opportunity for all underrepresented minorities (including race, gender, sexual orientation and dis/ability) to join together to build connections to carry through the event and beyond.Women in Open Source LunchSponsored by ArmMonday, September 27We’d like to invite all attendees that identify as women or non-binary to join each other for a networking lunch at the event. We will begin with a brief introduction and then attendees will be free to enjoy lunch and mingle with one another. Diversity Empowerment SummitSponsored by GoogleMonday, September 27 – Wednesday, September 29Featuring top-notch sessions and a unique space designed to foster learning, the DES track compliments other technical and business-oriented programming available to conference attendees.Maintainers Listening Tour:  Diversity, Equity + Inclusion Focus GroupTuesday, September 28Join us for an open and informal discussion on your experience with DEI in the open source communities you are leading and your aspirations for where you want to see it in the future.  Let’s open source diversity, equity, and inclusion!


Allyship Workshop with Dr. Kim TranSponsored by GoogleMonday, September 27The importance of learning that everyone can be an ally with different intersections and how to create safe spaces in open source is an initiative that will help our communities grow stronger. 






Onsite Resources

Nursing RoomWe will be providing a private nursing room at this year’s event to aid in the comfort and accessibility for our nursing attendees. The room will be available all days of the event and will be located onsite. For location information, please check with registration or information desk staff onsite.

Child CareDue to local COVID restrictions, we, unfortunately, cannot offer child care services at this event. We can, however, provide a list of local childcare providers. 
Please be aware that The Linux Foundation does not have any relationship with, and makes no commitments or guarantees regarding the quality, reliability or safety of, any such third-party childcare providers, including without limitation any guarantees that such providers are in compliance with appropriate COVID-19 health and safety procedures.
Seattle Nanny | Phone: 425-803-9511 On Call Nanny | Phone: 877-516-2669 
Please reach out to us at events@linuxfoundation.org if you have any questions.

Venue AccessibilityIf you need any assistance locating an elevator, or have other questions about accessibility onsite, please speak to a member of the Linux Foundation event staff at any of the registration or information desks onsite. If you have questions prior to the event, please email events@linuxfoundation.org.
Wheelchair + Medical Equipment RentalIf you need a wheelchair or scooter, you can rent them from Access Medical Equipment Co. Please contact them directly for rates and availability.
Interaction WristbandsPlease be mindful of attendee’s wristbands throughout the conference and use this tool to communicate appropriately:
Green = Handshakes and high 5’s are welcome with frequent handwashing.Yellow = Still being cautious, elbow bumps only.Red = No contact at all, please remain 6 feet away.
Don’t see a wristband? Assume red until given permission from the other attendee.
Pronoun StickersPick up a pronoun sticker from registration to share your pronouns with other conference attendees. Please be respectful of attendees’ pronouns.
All-Gender RestroomsWe will designate specific restrooms as all-gender for attendees who feel more comfortable using those facilities.
First Aid/Medical AssistanceIf you require first aid or medical assistance, please visit our registration desk or the venue front desk. For emergencies, please dial 911.
How to Handle a Harassment ReportIf you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately. Event staff can be identified by staff badges and/or shirts onsite and can be found at the event registration counter at any time. Our staff has had incident response training, responds to harassments reports and does so in accordance with the process recommended by the Ada Initiative, which can be found here on the Geek Feminism Wiki.
Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.
If you are planning to attend an upcoming event and have concerns regarding another individual who may be present, please reach out to us pre-event. Precautions will be taken to ensure a victim’s comfort and safety, including, but not limited to providing an escort, prepping onsite event staff, keeping victim and harasser from attending the same talks/social events and providing onsite contact cell phone numbers for immediate contact.
The Linux Foundation Contacts:Tricia Barker, Event Manager (tbarker@linuxfoundation.org)Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events (+1-575-694-2263; angela@linuxfoundation.org)




CHAOSS D&I Event Badge



Awarded to events in the open source community that fosters healthy D&I practices. Learn More



Emergency Resources




Closest Police Station:Seattle PD West Precinct 911 OR 206-684-8917


Closest 24hr Hospital: Virginia Mason ER911OR 206-583-6433


Taxi Service: Seattle Airport Taxi & Shuttles 206-926-9262


24hr Rape Crisis Line: King County Sexual Assault Resource Center888-99-VOICE (888-998-6423)






Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events, angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
Silver
BRONZE
Partners








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Health & Safety
Scholarships
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers
Explore the Tracks
Diversity Empowerment Summit
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










