



The Linux Foundation Legal Summit 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule At-A-Glance


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Leadership & Community Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Leadership & Community Events. 



				The Linux Foundation Legal Summit			







October 12, 14 & 16, 2020Virtual Event#lflegalsummit

That’s a wrap on Legal Summit 2020! Thanks to everyone who participated virtually from around the world. We look forward to seeing you next year.

The Linux Foundation Legal Summit is a neutral legal forum where leading attorneys from companies leveraging open source solutions can work together to focus on and discuss issues of common interest and concern. The Linux Foundation Legal Summit invites counsel from member companies to attend and collaborate.


VIRTUAL SCHEDULE AT-A-GLANCE

All times are listed in Eastern Daylight Time (EDT), UTC−04:00.
Monday, October 1211:00 AM – 2:00 PM EDTConference ProceedingsWednesday, October 1411:00 AM – 2:00 PM EDTConference ProceedingsFriday, October 1611:00 AM – 2:00 PM EDTConference Proceedings










Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lflegalsummit




Register
About
Code of Conduct

Schedule At-A-Glance

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










