



Linux Security Summit North America 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

FAQ
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsLinux Plumbers ConferencePast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 



				Linux Security Summit North America			







Virtual Experience
July 1 – 2, 2020#linuxsecuritysummit

VIRTUAL EVENT ACCESS
EXPLORE THE VIRTUAL SCHEDULE





That’s a wrap on the Linux Security Summit North America 2020 Virtual Experience!
The event platform will continue to be accessible for one year where you can view session recordings, visit sponsor booths, and enjoy many of our event experiences. Additionally, all session recordings are available on our YouTube channel.
Already registered? Access the event platform here.Not registered but want to access the event platform? Register now!


2020 Session Recordings











VIEW ENTIRE PLAYLIST


The Linux Security Summit (LSS) is a technical forum for collaboration between Linux developers, researchers, and end-users. Its primary aim is to foster community efforts in analyzing and solving Linux security challenges.
LSS will be held as two separate events, one in North America (LSS-NA) which is now virtual, and one in Europe (LSS-EU), to facilitate broader participation in Linux Security development. 








Sponsors

General
Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
FAQ
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









