



Linux Security Summit Europe 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsLinux Plumbers ConferencePast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 



				Linux Security Summit Europe			







October 29 – 30, 2020Virtual Experience#linuxsecuritysummit

JOIN THE EVENT
EXPLORE THE VIRTUAL SCHEDULE




That’s a wrap on Linux Security Summit Europe Virtual Experience! We welcomed almost 1,000 attendees – thank you to all the attendees, sponsors and speakers that joined us virtually this year.  
The event platform will continue to be accessible for 30 days where you can view session recordings and enjoy many of our experiences.  All session recordings will be uploaded to our YouTube channel shortly.
Save the Date for Linux Security Summit EU 2021Please check back in early 2021 for details on Linux Security Summit Europe 2021

The Linux Security Summit (LSS) is a technical forum for collaboration between Linux developers, researchers, and end-users. Its primary aim is to foster community efforts in analyzing and solving Linux security challenges.


EXPLORE THE VIRTUAL SCHEDULE


VIEW THE FULL SCHEDULE


Sessions will be hosted in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT).
Thursday, October 29Explore Thursday >>13:00 – 17:55 GMTGeneral Sessions + Referred Presentations + Short TopicsFriday, October 30Explore Friday >>13:00 – 18:05 GMTGeneral Sessions + Referred Presentations + Short Topics





2019 Session Recordings











VIEW ENTIRE PLAYLIST








Sponsors

General
Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#linuxsecuritysummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 












