



Open Mainframe Summit 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Call For Proposals (CFP)


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsAll Past EventsOpen Mainframe Project Website 
 













						This event has passed. View upcoming Linux Foundation events. 



				Open Mainframe Summit			









September 16 – 17, 2020Virtual Event

Thank you all who joined us for the first virtual Open Mainframe Summit! 
All session recordings will be uploaded to our YouTube channel. You can also access session slides from speakers who provided them via the event schedule. We look forward to having you at future Open Mainframe Project events

The inaugural Open Mainframe Summit will bring together all of the different types of mainframers – from students to hobbyists, seasoned professionals to new engineers, developers, and educators – to share best practices, discuss hot topics, learn technical insight from the best, and network with like-minded individuals who are passionate about the mainframe industry.


SCHEDULE AT-A-GLANCE

VIEW THE FULL SCHEDULE


Sessions will be hosted in Eastern Daylight Time (UTC -4).
Wednesday, September 16Keynotes & Breakout SessionsThursday, September 17Keynotes & Breakout SessionsAcademic Day








Sponsors

PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
Media 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Call For Proposals (CFP)

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










