



Open Compliance Summit 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend参加

Code of Conduct行動規範


Sponsorスポンサーになる
Programプログラム

Scheduleスケジュール


Contact Usお問い合わせ
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Leadership & Community Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Compliance Summit. 



				Open Compliance Summit			








VIEW THE VIRTUAL SCHEDULEバーチャル スケジュールを表示



December 1, 20202020年12月1日Virtual Eventバーチャル開催#opencompliance

That’s a wrap on the Open Compliance Summit 2020 Virtual Experience! Thank you to all the attendees, sponsors and speakers that joined us virtually this year.  
Stand by for OCS 2021 Dates!We’re working to make plans for the next OCS event in 2021, and we’ll let you know as soon as those dates are confirmed.
Open Compliance Summit 2020 バーチャル エクスペリエンスは無事終了しました！ご参加くださいました参加者、スポンサー、講演者の皆様、どうもありがとうございました。 
OCS 2021でまたお会いしましょう！2021年のOCSイベントについては、日程が決まり次第お知らせします。



The Open Compliance Summit is an exclusive event for Linux Foundation members and select invitees that provides an excellent opportunity for organizations to share knowledge around open source compliance. This conference is designed to build connections that streamline interactions between companies of all sizes in all sectors.
The theme for 2020 is:Open Source Compliance as a Standard with Shared Processes and Effective Automation


Open Compliance Summit は、毎年日本で開催されているイベントです。Linux Foundationのメンバーと限定された招待者だけが参加できるイベントで、組織がオープンソース コンプライアンスに関する知識を共有できる絶好の機会です。このカンファレンスは、あらゆる分野・あらゆる規模の企業が無理なく交流できるように作られています。
2020年のテーマはOpen Source Compliance as a Standard with Shared Processes and Effective Automation(共有のプロセスと効果的な自動化を備えた標準としてのオープンソース コンプライアンス)






スポンサー Sponsors

ゴールド GOLD
シルバー Silver
ブロンズ Bronze 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#opencompliance




Code of Conduct 行動規範

Sponsor スポンサーになる
Schedule スケジュール

Contact Us お問い合わせ





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 













