



R/Medicine 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Committee Members
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast R/Medicine EventsR Consortium 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  R/Medicine Events. 



				R/Medicine			







VIEW THE FULL SCHEDULE




August 27 – 29, 2020
Virtual Conference
Brought to you by the Children’s Hospital of Philadelphia, Yale School of Public Health, and the R Consortium

VIEW COMMITTEE MEMBERS


Thank you for your interest in R/Medicine 2020. We had a great event with stellar content. Registered attendees can view the replays through their Crowdcast link, and we will be posting the sessions on YouTube for replay.

The goal of the R/Medicine conference is to encourage the adoption of statistical modeling and reproducible data processing in clinical practice by promoting the use of the R programming environment and ecosystem. LEARN MORE


SCHEDULE AT-A-GLANCE


VIEW THE FULL SCHEDULE


Thursday, August 2711:00 AM – 7:00 PM EDTShort CoursesFriday, August 2811:00 AM – 7:20 PM EDTKeynotesSessionsSaturday, August 2911:00 AM – 6:30 PM EDTKeynotesSessions









Sponsors

 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 


 


Register
About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Committee Members
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










