



Spinnaker Summit 2020 | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Speakers
Summit Gardening Days


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 



				Spinnaker Summit			








VIEW THE VIRTUAL SCHEDULE



October 19 – November 12, 2020Virtual Experience#spinnakersummit

That’s a wrap on Spinnaker Summit 2020! Thank you to all the attendees, sponsors and speakers that joined us virtually this year. All sessions will continue to be accessible as VOD indefinitely at https://www.modev.com/spinnaker-summit. You can also continue to connect with members of the Spinnaker community via our Slack channel #spinnaker-summit-2020 through 2021. Additionally, all session recordings will be uploaded to the Spinnaker Youtube one month from the event date.

Spinnaker Summit brings together a thriving global community of software collaborators. Spinnaker, an open source, multi-cloud continuous delivery platform, has released hundreds of thousands of changes into production at Netflix and many other industry-leading companies like Adobe, Cisco, Grubhub, The Home Depot, JPMorgan Chase, Salesforce, Sony PlayStation, and Target. At the 2020 Spinnaker Summit, we will take action, building together to solve real problems our enterprises face.


FEATURED SPEAKERS







 


Sarah Novotny
Open Source Wonk, Azure Office of the CTO, Microsoft





Sarah Novotny has long been an Open Source community champion in communities such as Kubernetes, NGINX, and MySQL. She most recently led the Open Source Strategy group for Google Cloud Platform and previously ran large-scale technology infrastructures before web-scale had a name. Novotny has sat on the Linux Foundation and the Node.js Foundation Board of Directors and has been an active leader in the Node.js Foundation and JS Foundation merger into the OpenJS Foundation.
 






 


Paul Roberts
Principal Solutions Architect, AWS

















 


Rob Hilton
Principal Solutions Architect, AWS














 


Angie Jones
Principal Developer Advocate, Applitools











 


Nirmalya Sen
Head of Engineering, OpsMX














 


Nima Kaviani
Principal Solutions Architect, Amazon Web Services














 


Victor Odusanya
Contributor, GSoC














 


Angie Marable
Director of Engineering, Upside Business Travel














 


Isaac Mosquera
Principal GTM Leader, Serverless, AWS








My experience has been focused on building startups from the ground up, where I have served as CTO, with 4 successful exits/acquisitions. In my past I’ve enjoyed building software products across multiple domains (e.g., adtech, big data, mobile, social, DevOps tooling) that bring joy to the people who use them. Although my title has mostly been CTO, I am passionate about product development, organizational psychology, and a penchant for gummy bears. I’m a big supporter of OSS communities the impact they can make on the world. I’m a core contributor & part of the steering committee for Spinnaker which is used by some of the world’s largest organizations ( Netflix, Adobe, AirBnb, Adobe, Cisco, Grubhub, The Home Depot, JPMorgan Chase, Salesforce, Sony PlayStation, and more) to reliably deliver software at scale. In Addition to Spinnaker OSS, I’m ex-member of the Technical Oversight Committee (TOC) for the Continuous Delivery Foundation (CDF).
 






 


Siddharth Pareek
Global DevOps Center Of Excellence Practice Lead, Natwest Group












VIEW ALL SPEAKERS









Sponsors

PRODUCED BY
DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#spinnakersummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Speakers
Summit Gardening Days

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








