



Community Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Community Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Applications EventsOpenAPI Initiative Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Applications Events. 






 


						Community Scholarships					





ASC’s registration scholarship program exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend the event.
This year’s scholarships will support community members who lack the funds to purchase their own tickets. Individuals who apply should be active members of the open source community who are unable to attend for financial reasons and are unable to get funding from their companies.
Please complete the form below to receive your complimentary registration code.
Registration Scholarship Applications Due:  September 7, 2020
APPLICATION CLOSED







Sponsors

EVENT SUPPORTER








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Community Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








