



Ask the Experts Sessions | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Financial Services Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Financial Services Events. 






 


						Ask the Experts Sessions					





November 12 – 13 | Timing Varies; View the Schedule!Registration Cost: Complimentary; No Sign-up Required
This is your chance to chat directly with open source project maintainers, community leaders, and technical experts to get all of your questions answered in our Reddit style Q&A sessions. Sessions with speakers below are listed on the schedule. Be sure not to miss out! Our Ask the Expert lineup includes:
James McLeod, Director of Community, FINOS | Expert Topic: Software Development Workflows in FinanceMaurizio Pillitu, Director of Infrastructure, FINOS | Expert Topic: Software Development Workflows in FinanceAmol Shukla, Morgan Stanley | Expert Topic: Software Development Workflows in FinanceAaron Williamson, Independent Attorney + Open Source Process Consultant | Expert Topic: Open Source ReadinessNicholas Kolba, Global Head of Platform, Genesis Global | Expert Topic: FDC3Riko Eksteen, Head of Desktop Strategy, Adaptive Financial Consulting | Expert Topic: FDC3Ian Hollowbread, Head of Reg Tech, ING | Expert Topic: Open Regulation InnovationDavid Ehrich, Co-founder + Executive Director, AIR – the Alliance for Innovative Regulation | Expert Topic: Open Regulation Innovation
Note: You must be registered for the OSSF Virtual Experience to participate.







Sponsors

LEADER
Contributor
Community 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#OSfinserv




Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








