



The Linux Foundation and Fintech Open Source Foundation Announce the Schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum London 2022, July 13 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









May 19, 2022
The Linux Foundation and Fintech Open Source Foundation Announce the Schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum London 2022, July 13		




Industry experts will gather to discuss the most cutting edge topics at the cross section of finance, open source and technology, revealing recent developments and the direction of open source in financial services.
SAN FRANCISCO, May 19, 2022 —  The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, and co-host Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS), a nonprofit whose mission is to accelerate adoption of open source software, standards and best practices in financial services, today announced the conference schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum London 2022 (OSFF). The event takes place July 13 in London, UK. The schedule can be viewed here.
OSFF is the only conference dedicated to driving collaboration and innovation in financial services through open source and this year, will be held as part of Fintech Week London, a partnership emphasizing the importance of open source software and open collaboration in the financial services industry. 
The event will feature 30+ sessions, gathering senior leaders and technologists from financial services, technology and open source to deepen collaboration and drive innovation across the industry in order to deliver better code, faster. 
Conference Session Highlights:
Managing OSS Risks in Finance – Pradeep Jadhav, Bank of New York MellonFDC3 in the Wild – Real World Use Cases That Help Evolve the Standard – Kris West, Cosaic & Dimiter Georgiev, SymphonySafe to Fail Open Source Culture – Sylvia Lobo, Digital14When Open Source & Finance Collide – Keith Bergelt, Open Invention Network
The Challenges of Deploying Real-time AI for Finance and How Open Source Can Help – Nava Levy, RedisExtending SBOMs to Describe AI Systems – Kate Stewart, The Linux Foundation & Karen Bennet, Technical Consultant
With Additional Talks By These Companies:
AccentureCanonicalEPAMGoldman SachsGooglePwCRed HatVMWare
Confirmed keynote speakers include Kim Prado, CIO, US Capital Markets, I&CB and Office of the COO at BMO Capital Markets, Gabriele Columbro, Executive Director at FINOS, Hilary Carter, VP of Research at The Linux Foundation, and Jim Zemlin, Executive Director at The Linux Foundation. Additional keynotes will be announced in the coming weeks.
Registration is offered at the early price of 149 GBP through May 25. Members of The Linux Foundation receive a 20 percent discount – members can contact events@linuxfoundation.org to request a member discount code. Members of FINOS can attend at no cost – members can contact osff@finos.org to request the FINOS Member registration code. 
Health and SafetyAttendees will be required to be fully vaccinated against the COVID-19 virus and will need to comply with all on-site health measures, in accordance with The Linux Foundation Code of Conduct. To learn more, visit the Health & Safety webpage.
Diversity & Need-Based Scholarships and Travel FundingApplications for diversity and need-based scholarships are currently being accepted here. The Linux Foundation’s Travel Fund is also accepting applications, with the goal of enabling open source developers and community members to attend events that they would otherwise be unable to attend due to a lack of funding. We place an emphasis on funding applicants who are from historically underrepresented or untapped groups and/or those of lower socioeconomic status. To learn more and apply, click here.
SponsorFor information on becoming an event sponsor, click here or email us for more information and to speak to our team. 
PressMembers of the press who would like to request a press pass to attend should contact Kristin O’Connell.
About FINOSFINOS (The Fintech Open Source Foundation) is a nonprofit whose mission is to foster adoption of open source, open standards and collaborative software development practices in financial services. It is the center for open source developers and the financial services industry to build new technology projects that have a lasting impact on business operations. As a regulatory compliant platform, the foundation enables developers from these competing organizations to collaborate on projects with a strong propensity for mutualization. It has enabled codebase contributions from both the buy- and sell-side firms and counts over 40 major financial institutions, fintechs and technology consultancies as part of its membership. FINOS is also part of the Linux Foundation, the largest shared technology organization in the world.About the Linux FoundationFounded in 2000, the Linux Foundation is supported by more than 2,000 members and is the world’s leading home for collaboration on open source software, open standards, open data, and open hardware. Linux Foundation’s projects are critical to the world’s infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, and more. The Linux Foundation’s methodology focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit linuxfoundation.org.The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.Visit our website and follow us on Twitter, Linkedin, and Facebook for all the latest event updates and announcements.The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see its trademark usage page: www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. 
###
Media ContactKristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org





Post navigation
The Linux Foundation Announces Conference Schedule for Open Source Summit North America 2022The Linux Foundation and Fintech Open Source Foundation Announce New Keynote Speakers for Open Source in Finance Forum London 2022
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








