



Diversity + Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Why Attend
Venue + Travel
Novel Coronavirus Update
Visa Request
Diversity + Inclusion
Diversity Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Day 2 Co-Located Events
Call For Proposals (CFP)


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						Diversity + Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralRegistration Discounts/ScholarshipsOnsite ResourcesEmergency ContactsContact Us


Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the CNCF ecosystem and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.



Registration Discounts/Scholarships

To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based registration scholarships, discounts, and travel funding to our conferences.
Diversity Scholarships: Additional information and application can be found here.



Onsite Resources

Nursing RoomA private nursing room will be available at the event to aid in the comfort and accessibility for our nursing attendees. The room will be available all days of the event and will be located onsite. For location information, please check with registration or information desk staff onsite.
Venue AccessibilityIf you need any assistance locating an elevator, or have other questions about accessibility onsite, please speak to a member of the Linux Foundation event staff at any of the registration or information desks onsite. If you have questions prior to the event, please email events@cncf.io.
Communication StickersAt Registration, attendees can pick up communication stickers to add to their badges. Communication stickers indicate an attendee’s requested level of interaction with both other attendees and press (including photographers and videographers).
Green = Open to communicate.Yellow = Only if you know me, please.Red = I’m not interested in communicating (or being videotaped or photographed) at this time.
Please be respectful of attendee communication preferences.
Pronoun StickersPick up a pronoun sticker from registration to share your pronouns with other conference attendees. Please be respectful of attendees’ pronouns.
All-Gender RestroomsWe will designate specific restrooms as all-gender for attendees who feel more comfortable using those facilities.
Dietary RequestsLet us know any special dietary requests by January 31, 2020, at events@cncf.io. Accommodations will be made, within reason.
First Aid/Medical AssistanceIf you require first aid or medical assistance, please visit our registration desk or the venue front desk. For emergencies, please dial 000.
How to Handle a Harassment ReportIf you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately. Event staff can be identified by staff badges onsite and can be found at the event registration counter at any time. Our staff has had incident response training and responds to harassments reports and does so in accordance with the process recommended on the Geek Feminism Wiki found here.
You may also reach out to:Deborah Giles, Event Manager, at dgiles@linuxfoundation.org
Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.
If you are planning to attend an upcoming event, and have concerns regarding another individual who may be present, please contact Deborah Giles, Event Manager, at dgiles@linuxfoundation.org. Precautions will be taken to ensure a victim’s comfort and safety, including, but not limited to providing an escort, prepping onsite event staff, keeping victim and harasser from attending the same talks/social events and providing onsite contact cell phone numbers for immediate contact.


Emergency Contacts

Closest Police StationK G Halli Police Station+91 80 2547 4595
Closest 24 Hour HospitalPoornima Hospital+91 80 2355 7272
Taxi ServiceMega Cabs 47474747Meru Cabs 4422 4422You can also use the Uber app



Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Colleen Mickey, Director of Events, at cmikey@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

DIAMOND
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 


Register
Why Attend
Venue + Travel
Novel Coronavirus Update
Visa Request
Diversity + Inclusion
Diversity Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Day 2 Co-Located Events
Call For Proposals (CFP)

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 









