



About | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						About					






ALREADY REGISTERED? JOIN NOW


“Production identity” is a common set of identity and authentication challenges facing distributed systems.  Many spend significant time and effort in establishing trusted bi-directional communication between different parts of the system.  Often these are lacking in many respects: not rooted in sound identity “bedrock”, no ability to rotate credentials, no federation with other systems, and few policy opportunities (which are highly valued and critical for enterprises). 
SPIFFE and SPIRE are CNCF incubating projects that aim to solve these challenges in a common way by defining and implementing a universal identity control plane that can be leveraged across many different types of systems — not just containerized or cloud native.
We are excited to host the first Production Identity Day at KubeCon to share learnings around the latest developments in the space, exhibit demonstrations, and discuss real-world use cases with others who share an interest in identity, authentication, and zero trust security.






Sponsors

SUPPORTING
HOSTED BY 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#SPIFFE + #ProdIdentity




Register
About
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








