



The Linux Foundation and Fintech Open Source Foundation Announce the Conference Schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum New York 2022 | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









October 13, 2022
The Linux Foundation and Fintech Open Source Foundation Announce the Conference Schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum New York 2022		




25+ sessions (and more to be announced) showcasing recent developments and the direction of open source in financial services and providing unique opportunities to hear from and engage with those who are leveraging open source software to solve industry challenges.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 13, 2022 —  The Linux Foundation, the nonprofit organization enabling mass innovation through open source, and co-host Fintech Open Source Foundation (FINOS), a nonprofit whose mission is to accelerate adoption of open source software, standards and best practices in financial services, today announced the conference schedule for Open Source in Finance Forum New York 2022 (OSFF). The event will take place December 8 in New York City. The schedule can be viewed here.
OSFF is the only conference dedicated to driving collaboration and innovation in financial services through open source software and standards. The event will provide practical knowledge and guidance on best practices, tools and technologies, explore how to build a successful community, and provide unparalleled opportunities to network with the executives and individuals driving open source in financial services.
Conference Session Highlights:
Open Source Readiness for Financial Institutions
Walking the Walk: Bringing a FINOS Project into a Large Conservative Bank – S. Ramesh, Sumitomo Mitsui BankInnerSource: Breaking Down Silos and Getting Things Done – Bella Wiseman, Goldman SachsThe Benefits and Pitfalls of OSS Project Metrics: Measuring Health and Risk in Open Source Communities – Sophia Vargas, Google
Open Source Within Financial Regulation
Why Open Source Technology is Critical to Widespread Adoption of CBDCs and Other Digital Currencies – Karen Ottoni, Hyperledger Foundation & Jennifer Peve, DTCCModernize Regulatory Reporting: Get Ready for T+1 Settlement – Antoine Amend, Databricks & Stephen Goldbaum, Morgan StanleyAutomating Governance: Dear Security, Compliance, and Auditors, We’re Sorry. Love, DevOps. – Bill Bensing, Red Hat
Financial Interoperability for the Desktop and Beyond
How Digital Public Goods are Bringing the $10 Trillion Informal Economy into the Digital Payments Loop – Paula Hunter, Mojaloop FoundationReal Life Use Cases for FDC3 2.0 – Robert Friend, Symphony & Reena Raichura, Glue42An Architecture for Universally Interoperable Open Source Wallets – Wenjing Chu, Futurewei Technologies
Open Source in Finance Hot Topics
From Security Testing to Deployment in a Single Pull Request – Sarah Khalife, GitHubOpen Source Supply Chain Threat Landscape: A Moving Target – Ilkka Turunen, SonatypeOpen Source Powered Real-time Fraud Analysis in a Hybrid Cloud Environment – Yichong Yu & Krishna Ratakonda, IBM
Keynote speakers and additional conference sessions will be announced in the coming weeks.
Registration is offered at the rate of US$275 through October 19. Members of The Linux Foundation receive a 20 percent discount – members can contact events@linuxfoundation.org to request a member discount code. Members of FINOS can attend at no cost – members can contact osff@finos.org to request the FINOS Member registration code. 
Health and SafetyWhile wearing a mask at this event is strongly recommended, we are no longer mandating masks be worn. Attendees will be required to show proof of COVID-19 vaccination or provide a negative COVID-19 test to attend, and will need to comply with all on-site health measures, in accordance with The Linux Foundation Code of Conduct. To learn more, visit the Health & Safety webpage.
Diversity & Need-Based Scholarships and Travel FundingApplications for diversity and need-based scholarships are currently being accepted here. The Linux Foundation’s Travel Fund is also accepting applications, with the goal of enabling open source developers and community members to attend events that they would otherwise be unable to attend due to a lack of funding. We place an emphasis on funding applicants who are from historically underrepresented or untapped groups and/or those of lower socioeconomic status. To learn more and apply, click here.
SponsorFor information on becoming an event sponsor, click here or email us for more information and to speak to our team. 
PressMembers of the press who would like to request a press pass to attend should contact Kristin O’Connell.About FINOSFINOS (The Fintech Open Source Foundation) is a nonprofit whose mission is to foster adoption of open source, open standards and collaborative software development practices in financial services. It is the center for open source developers and the financial services industry to build new technology projects that have a lasting impact on business operations. As a regulatory compliant platform, the foundation enables developers from these competing organizations to collaborate on projects with a strong propensity for mutualization. It has enabled codebase contributions from both the buy- and sell-side firms and counts over 40 major financial institutions, fintechs and technology consultancies as part of its membership. FINOS is also part of the Linux Foundation, the largest shared technology organization in the world.
About the Linux FoundationFounded in 2000, the Linux Foundation and its projects are supported by more than 2,950 members. The Linux Foundation is the world’s leading home for collaboration on open source software, hardware, standards, and data. Linux Foundation projects are critical to the world’s infrastructure including Linux, Kubernetes, Node.js, ONAP, Hyperledger, RISC-V, and more. The Linux Foundation’s methodology focuses on leveraging best practices and addressing the needs of contributors, users, and solution providers to create sustainable models for open collaboration. For more information, please visit us at https://linuxfoundation.org/.The Linux Foundation Events are where the world’s leading technologists meet, collaborate, learn and network in order to advance innovations that support the world’s largest shared technologies.Visit our website and follow us on Twitter, Linkedin, and Facebook for all the latest event updates and announcements.The Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see its trademark usage page: www.linuxfoundation.org/trademark-usage. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. 
###
Media ContactKristin O’ConnellThe Linux Foundationkoconnell@linuxfoundation.org





Post navigation
Cassandra Summit Returns in 2023Linux Foundation Events Monthly Snapshot – November 2022
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 








