



FAQ | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Attendee Guide
Scholarships
FAQ
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF EventsEnvoy Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						FAQ					





I registered for EnvoyCon 2020. How do I access the platform?
To gain access to the event platform as a registered attendee, please click the “Accept Attendance” link at the bottom of the magic link email previously sent to you.  If you registered before 7:00 AM PT on Wednesday, October 14, an email entitled “EnvoyCon 2020 | Magic Link for Hopin Platform Access” was sent to you Wednesday morning.  If you registered after 7:00 AM PT on Wednesday, this email was sent automatically upon registration.  The ONLY way to access the platform is by clicking the “Accept Registration” button at the bottom of the magic link email!  If you cannot locate your magic link email after checking your junk and spam folders, please email events@cncf.io with your registration confirmation number.
I missed a talk. How can I view it?
All talks are pre-recorded and will play as scheduled with live speaker Q+A following the presentation. Sessions will not be available on-demand in Hopin but will be uploaded to the CNCF YouTube channel by early November.
When does the event/platform open? The event won’t let me in / is closed! Why can’t I login?
The event platform opens at 7:00 AM PT on Thursday, October 15.  You must click the “Accept Registration” button at the bottom of the “magic link” email that was sent to you to access the event platform.  Please ensure you are using Chrome or Firefox and all other system requirements are up to date.
What is the format of EnvoyCon 2020 and when will it take place?
EnvoyCon 2020 is a virtual experience that will take place online October 15. The virtual event includes interactive networking chat channels, sponsor booths, and access to session video content.  View the full schedule!
What are the benefits of attending the virtual event?
Experience EnvoyCon from the comfort, safety, and convenience of your home via a computer, tablet, or phone – all you need is the internet and a web browser.
Other benefits and features include:
Informative and timely content with live speaker Q+AInteract via group or 1:1 chat with other participantsDon’t worry about missing a session: a link to all video content will be sent to attendees in the post-event email And much more – all virtually, from anywhere.
What is the cost for the new virtual format and how do I register?
Registration is US$50. Register now!
What is the time zone for the event?
Live content will begin at 8:00 AM Pacific Daylight Time (PDT). The schedule will automatically display in PDT. To see the schedule in your preferred time zone, please select the time zone from the drop-down menu to the right, above “Filter by Date.”
How long will the platform be open?
The EnvoyCon virtual event platform will remain open through the closing session of the event. 
What are the system requirements needed to participate in the virtual event?
We are using the Hopin virtual event platform for EnvoyCon 2020. You do not need to download any application to participate. We recommend accessing the platform via Google Chrome or Firefox (Internet Explorer and Safari are not supported). A minimum 5mbps download speed and 2mbps upload speed are recommended. Ideally, we like to see 30mbps download and 10mbps upload or higher for the best quality. View system requirements + troubleshooting tips here. Live technical assistance will be available within the event platform during the event to help you troubleshoot any issues.
If you are experiencing technical issues within the platform, we recommend checking your wifi connection, reloading the page and clearing your cache as these tend to fix most problems. Please review the Attendee Guide + FAQ in advance for further information.
Will the content be different in a virtual experience setting?
No! All of the sessions and content are included in the virtual event. 
I attend EnvoyCon mainly for networking. How is that possible in a virtual event?
We know how invaluable face-to-face networking is at events and we purposefully chose a virtual event platform that allows for interaction in multiple ways. Attendees will be able to connect with speakers, sponsors, and experts through 1:1 chats, networking chat rooms, and the exhibit hall.
Will all sessions be recorded?
Yes, all session content will be transferred to the CNCF YouTube channel by early November!
How will the Event Code of Conduct be enforced in a virtual environment?
All participants must abide by the CNCF Code of Conduct in a virtual environment just as they would at a physical one. We will be monitoring language and images throughout the platform to ensure there are no violations of the CoC, and quickly handle any that we might find. If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns relating to harassment, please contact a member of the conference staff immediately through the staff section in the event platform, or email: 
Vanessa Heric, Associate Director of CNCF Events (+1 949-415-4442; vheric@linuxfoundation.org)
I am a Speaker – who do I reach out to with questions?
For all session or speaker-related questions, please contact speakers@cncf.io.






Sponsors

DIAMOND 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#envoycon2020




Register
Attendee Guide
Scholarships
FAQ
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








