



About | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 









						About					






JOIN THE EVENT
NOT REGISTERED? REGISTER NOW

Cloud Native Security Day is designed to bring together the cloud native security community together to discuss and share current challenges and solutions in cloud native security.  This event provides a single place for people involved or getting involved in cloud native security to get together in a vendor neutral space.
This event allows and encourages open collaboration and sharing of cloud native security accomplishments and roadblocks.  Cloud native security is a multi-objective and multi-constrained problem space spanning many areas. Pretty much everything falls into security, from identity management to storage solutions. Cloud Native Security Day (#cnsecurityday) is intended to drive collaboration, discussion, and knowledge sharing of cloud native security accomplishments and roadblocks. Get connected with others that are passionate about security. Learn from practitioners about pitfalls to avoid, hurdles to jump, and how to integrate security into your cloud native project, architecture, and enhance team awareness on security.
Expectations and Takeaways
Cloud Native Security Day will follow format is a combination of curated talks and self-organized conversations.. In addition to keynotes and talks, we will also leverage open spaces in the afternoon. We believe this format will allow for great collaborations and engagement from the cloud native security community to take on challenges and present solutions with one another in a comfortable setting. This will allow attendees to network, explore, learn, and educate all in a single day.
If you are interested in learning more about open spaces  please check out the below:* [Agile for All – Open Spaces Conferences](https://agileforall.com/open-space-conferences-attendee-created-conferences/)* [DevOps Days – Open Space Format](https://devopsdays.org/open-space-format/)
We are hopeful that, in addition to some great exchanges, that we’ll be able to share and capture topics, discussions, and key points of CNCF SIG Security’s charter.






Sponsors

DIAMOND
HOSTED BY 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 


Register
About
Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








