



Diversity + Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health + Safety
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF EventsCNCF Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America. 






 


						Diversity + Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralRegistration Discounts/ScholarshipsEmpowerUsDiversity + Inclusion WorkshopFrom Allies to Partners: A Foundational Toolkit for Inclusive Leadership Peer Group Mentoring + Career NetworkingCaptioningOnsite ResourcesCHAOSS D&I Event BadgeEmergency ResourcesContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the CNCF ecosystem and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion, or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.
Please view the transparency report for opt-in statistics from KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North America 2020 – Virtual.



Registration Discounts/Scholarships

To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based registration scholarships, discounts, and travel funding to our conferences.
Additional information can be found here.




Conversations


EmpowerUs
Wednesday, October 13 | 4:15 PM – 5:45 PM PDT JW Marriott LA Live Platinum Ballroom D+E
Attendees who identify as women, non-binary individuals and allies are invited to join this special event and program. With women and non-binary individuals being minorities in tech, it’s especially important for these groups to know how to drive influence and gain respect and notoriety amongst their male peers. We will ask questions to our panelists (all women or non-binary) about how they have overcome the challenges of being a minority within their space, and how they have been able to avoid imposter syndrome.
Afternoon refreshments will be served. 
RSVP is not required, however, seating is limited.
Virtual Attendees: On-demand session available Thursday, October 14.

Thank you to our sponsor!




Diversity + Inclusion Workshop
Thursday, October 14 | 12:45 PM – 2:15 PM PDT JW Marriott LA Live Platinum Ballroom D+E
When faced with uncertainty, organizations and people become risk averse, reactionary, less open to additional change, and therefore less inclusive. Ironically, strong decision-making benefits from the opposite—more diversity and more inclusion. In this workshop, participants will explore this tension and learn specific practices to drive the inclusion needed for success in unpredictable times. 
A box lunch will be served.
 RSVP is not required, however, seating is limited.

Thank you to our sponsor!




From Allies to Partners: A Foundational Toolkit for Inclusive Leadership 
Virtual: Available On-Demand
Ouch! Oops! I did it again! The reality is humans make mistakes, especially when it comes to diversity, equity, and inclusion. We all, at some point, didn’t say what was politically correct and might have offended a friend, a family member, or co-worker. The good news is that while we can’t avoid these mistakes and challenging conversations, we can all build our foundational toolkit for inclusive leadership, and do a bit better the next time around. The simplest acts go a long way to make someone feel seen, heard, and valued. Join us for a session that will take you from being an ally to an actual partner in the journey for a more equitable and just society!

Thank you to our sponsor!





Peer Group Mentoring + Career Networking
Friday, October 15In-Person: 10:45 AM – 12:15 PM PDT | JW Marriott LA Live Platinum Ballroom D+E Virtual: 2:30 PM – 3:30 PM PDT | Zoom
The community collectively has an immense depth of knowledge and expertise which we can explore and learn from at this collaborative event. Whether you’re new, or not so new to open source and the cloud native community, we invite you to register to attend. You’ll have the chance to meet with experienced open source veterans across many CNCF projects. You will be paired with other people in a pod-like setting to explore technical, community, and career questions together.
Thank you to our sponsor!



mentee sign-up
mentor sign-up





Captioning

Captioning will be available for each keynote and session whether in person or virtual. Check back for more details as the event gets closer.



Onsite Resources

Nursing RoomWe will be providing a private nursing room to aid in the comfort and accessibility for our nursing attendees. The room will be available all days of the event and will be located onsite. For location information, please check with registration or information desk staff onsite.
Child CareDue to local COVID-19 restrictions, we unfortunately cannot offer child care services at this event. We can, however, provide a list of local childcare providers. Please reach out to us at events@cncf.io.Please be aware that The Linux Foundation does not have any relationship with, and makes no commitments or guarantees regarding the quality, reliability or safety of, any such third-party childcare providers, including without limitation any guarantees that such providers are in compliance with appropriate COVID-19 health and safety procedures.
Venue AccessibilityIf you need any assistance locating an elevator, or have other questions about accessibility onsite, please speak to a member of CNCF event staff at any of the registration or information desks onsite. If you have questions prior to the event, please email events@cncf.io.
Wheelchair + Medical Equipment RentalIf you need a wheelchair or scooter, you can rent them from Access Medical Equipment Co. Please contact them directly for rates and availability.
Quiet RoomAll attendees may feel free to use the Quiet Room as needed. It is a physical space where conversation and interaction are not allowed, where attendees can go if for any reason they can’t interact with other attendees at that time.
Interaction WristbandsPlease be mindful of attendee’s wristbands throughout the conference and use this tool to communicate appropriately:
Green = Handshakes and high 5’s are welcome with frequent handwashing.Yellow = Still being cautious, elbow bumps only.Red = No contact at all, please remain 6 feet away.
Don’t see a wristband? Assume red until given permission from the other attendee.
Pronoun StickersPick up a pronoun sticker from registration to share your pronouns with other conference attendees. Please be respectful of attendees’ pronouns.
All-Gender RestroomsWe will designate specific restrooms as all-gender for attendees who feel more comfortable using those facilities.
First Aid/Medical AssistanceIf you require first aid or medical assistance onsite, please visit our registration desk or the venue front desk. For emergencies, please dial 911.
How to Handle a Harassment ReportIf you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the event staff immediately. Event staff can be identified by staff badges and/or shirts onsite and can be found at the event registration counter at any time. Our staff has had incident response training, responds to harassment reports and does so in accordance with the process recommended by the Ada Initiative, which can be found here on the Geek Feminism Wiki.
Conference staff will be happy to help participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the conference.
If you are planning to attend an upcoming event and have concerns regarding another individual who may be present, please reach out to us pre-event. Precautions will be taken to ensure a victim’s comfort and safety, including, but not limited to providing an escort, prepping onsite event staff, keeping victim and harasser from attending the same talks/social events and providing onsite contact cell phone numbers for immediate contact.
The Linux Foundation Contacts:Vanessa Heric, Associate Director of CNCF Events (+1-949-415-4442; vheric@linuxfoundation.org)Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events (+1-575-694-2263; angela@linuxfoundation.org)



CHAOSS D&I Event Badge


Awarded to events in the open source community that fosters healthy D&I practices. Learn More.



Emergency Resources



Closest Police Station:Los Angeles Police Department213-484-3400 OR 911


Closest 24hr Hospital:Dignity Health213-748-2411 OR 911


Taxi Service:Independent Taxi310-659-8294


24hr Rape Crisis Line:Peace Over Violence310-392-8381






Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

DIAMOND
Platinum
gold
silver
Start-up
End User
Diversity Supporters
Media Partners








Join the CNCF mailing list to learn more about KubeCon + CloudNativeCon and other upcoming CNCF events!

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





Slack
 
#KubeCon + #CloudNativeCon




Health + Safety
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










