



About | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Academy Software Foundation Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Academy Software Foundation Events. 






 


						About					





The Academy Software Foundation (ASWF) Open Source Forum is an annual, by-invitation event that gathers business and technical leaders to shape the future of open source software across the motion picture and media industries. 
Join us for an update on the progress of the Foundation and its projects, followed by an open discussion around industry challenges and opportunities. Afterwards, we’ll have several guest speakers share insights on open source strategy and management.  
Who Should Attend:
Executives, business, and open source program office leaders of organizations using or interested in open source software.Technical leaders responsible for key projects or open source strategies within organizations.Open source project leaders who are interested in learning more about the Academy Software Foundation








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#ASWF




Register
About
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








