



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Embedded & IoT Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Embedded Linux Conference Europe. 






 


						Sponsor					





Thank you to our sponsors for supporting the open source community!
ELC EU SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


Embedded Linux Conference (ELC) has been the premier vendor-neutral technical conference for the past 15 years for companies and developers using Linux in embedded products. In recent years with the increase of industrial IoT uses, ELC has expanded to cover content and collaboration needed to lead successful IoT developments and progress the development of IoT solutions.


“ELC was one of the most exciting conferences I’ve been to in recent years, there were far too many interesting talks for me to attend all I wanted and it was a great opportunity to connect with people in the community.”
MARK BROWNKERNEL WORKING GROUP TECHNICAL LEAD, LINARO








Sponsors

Diamond
PLATINUM
GOLD
SILVER
BRONZE
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfelc




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








