



Program Committee | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee


Features &Add-Ons

Experiences
Speed Mentoring
Resume Writing Workshop
Allyship Workshop
Ask the Expert Sessions
Co-Located Events


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Open Source Summit Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming Open Source Summit North America. 






 


						Program Committee					





A very special thank you to our Open Source Summit North America 2020 Program Committee! 






 


Chris Aniszczyk
VP, Developer Relations, The Linux Foundation and CTO, CNCF











 


Jono Bacon
OSS Event Chair & Founder, Jono Bacon Consulting











 


Lukas Bulwahn
Software Safety Key Expert, LF ELISA Project & BMW











 


Donnie Berkholz
OSS Event Chair & SVP, Product Management, Percona











 


Divya Bhargov
Engineering Director, Greenplum R&D, VMware











 


Dieu Cao
Product Lead, Tanzu Application Service, VMware











 


Jerry Cooperstein
Director of Training, The Linux Foundation











 


Jonathan Corbet
Kernel Documentation Maintainer & Executive Editor, LWN.net





Jonathan Corbet is the kernel documentation maintainer, co-founder of LWN.net, a member of the Linux Foundation’s Technical Advisory Board, and the lead author of Linux Device Drivers, Third Edition.  He lives in Boulder, Colorado, USA.
 






 


Frédéric Desbiens
Program Manager, IoT and Edge Computing, Eclipse Foundation











 


Jake Edge
Journalist & Editor, LWN.net











 


Lee Elston
Instructor / Course Maintainer, The Linux Foundation











 


Neville George
Manager, Comcast











 


Kathy Giori
Global Partnerships and Outreach, MicroBlocks





Kathy Giori has spent her career of more than 30 years working in technology companies in the SF Bay Area. Her current focus to pay that career success forward is to spend much of her time supporting MicroBlocks, as head of Global Partnerships and Outreach. MicroBlocks is a non-profit STEM organization that has developed the first truly “live” open source physical computing tool for programming microcontrollers.


As part of her industry career she was most recently Director of Product Engineering at ZEDEDA, and held numerous executive and product roles at Mozilla, Arduino, Qualcomm, Etak/Sony, SRI, and four startups, two of which she co-founded and led as CEO. Kathy volunteered as a TechWomen professional mentor for the last 4 years and continues to collaborate with fellows. She has given numerous talks at Linux Foundation and other industry events, has organized technology workshops, and is often promoting the benefits of open hardware and software to industry, since bridging open communities with industry drives faster innovation. She received her bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of Minnesota, and her master’s degree in Electrical Engineering from Stanford.
 






 


Ibrahim Haddad
Executive Director, LF AI & Data Foundation





Dr. Ibrahim Haddad is the Executive Director of the LF AI & Data Foundation . Throughout his career, Haddad has held technology and portfolio management roles at Ericsson Research, the Open Source Development Labs, Motorola, Palm, Hewlett-Packard, the Linux Foundation and Samsung Research. He writes and speaks on topics ranging from legal compliance to using open source as an R&D tool to drive collaboration and innovation. [@IbrahimAtLinux]
 






 


Darren Hart
Distinguished Engineer, Ampere Computing











 


Maureen Helm
Principal Software Engineer, Intel











 


Dr. Ofer Hermoni
Co-Founder, SybarIP & LF AI Technical Advisory Council Chairperson











 


Nicole Huesman
Director of Marketing and Community Outreach, O3DE











 


Starlord
Founder, Zilliz











 


Sunil Kamath
Director of Product Management, Microsoft











 


Greg Kroah-Hartman
OSS Event Chair & Linux Kernel Developer & Fellow, The Linux Foundation





Greg is among a distinguished group of software developers who maintain Linux at the kernel level. In his role as Linux Foundation Fellow, he continues his work as the maintainer for the Linux stable kernel branch and a variety of subsystems while working in a fully neutral environment.
 






 


Shuah Khan
OSS Event Chair & Linux Fellow, The Linux Foundation











 


Jessica Kim
ED Ecosystem Development/ Lead, Huawei & LF AI Outreach Chair











 


Miranda LeBlanc
Solutions Engineer, Liberty Mutual Insurance











 


Sasha Levin
Sr. Staff Software Engineer, Google











 


Joshua Lock
Open Source Software Engineer, VMware











 


Yanjun Ma
Director, Deep Learning Platform, Baidu











 


Dr. Michael Maximilien
CTO, Cloud Advocacy, IBM











 


Dr. Michael Meskes
CIO, Instaclustr Group & GM, credativ GmbH











 


Ron Minnich
Software Engineer, Google











 


Maggie Neterval
Software Engineer, Google











 


Nicole Pappler
CTO & Founder, AlektoMetis











 


Tim Pepper
Principal Engineer, VMware











 


Josephene Pynadath
Product Designer, Pivotal











 


Tameika Reed
Founder & CEO, Women in Linux











 


Steven Rostedt
Software Engineer, Google











 


Nithya Ruff
Head of Amazon’s Open Source Program Office





Nithya A. Ruff is the Head of Amazon’s Open Source Program Office. Open Source has provento be one of the world’s most prolific enablers of innovation and collaboration and Amazon’scustomers increasingly value open source innovation and the and cloud’s role in helping themadopt and run important open source services. She drives open source culture andcoordination inside of Amazon and engagement with external communities. Prior to Amazon,she started and grew Comcast and Western Digital’s Open Source Program Offices. OpenSource Program Offices are a critical part of a company’s digital transformation and innovationjourney.


Nithya has been director-at-large on the Linux Foundation Board for the last 5 years and in2019 was elected to be Chair of the influential Linux Foundation Board. She works actively toadvance the mission of the Linux Foundation around building sustainable ecosystems that arebuilt on open collaboration. She is a passionate advocate and a speaker for opening doors tonew and diverse people in technology and can often be seen speaking and writing on this topic.Nithya graduated with an M.S. in Computer Science from NDSU and an MBA from theUniversity of Rochester, Simon Business School and is an aspiring corporate board director andgovernance enthusiast. You can follow her on twitter @nithyaruff and you can find heron https://www.linkedin.com/in/nithyaruff/
 






 


Shilla Saebi
Sr. Open Source Program Manager, Comcast











 


Laura Santamaria
Lead Developer Advocate, Dell Technologies





As a Lead Developer Advocate at Dell Technologies, Laura Santamaria loves to learn and explain how things work to bridge the gaps in engineering disciplines. She is the curator for A Minute on the Mic, a cohost for The Hallway Track podcast, and the ex-host of Quick Bites of Cloud Engineering on YouTube. As a community member, she co-hosts Austin DevOps and Cloud Austin, taught Python for Women Who Code Austin for many years, organizes DevOpsDays Austin, is a member of the PyTexas Foundation, and has been a returning program committee member for Open Source Summit’s Cloud Open track. Outside of tech, Laura runs, plays with her dogs, throws discs, and watches clouds—the real kind.
 






 


Timothy Serewicz
Training Program Director, The Linux Foundation











 


Jason Smith
Principal Engineer, UL LLC











 


Kate Stewart
OSS Event Chair & Vice President, Dependable Embedded Systems, The Linux Foundation





Kate Stewart is a Senior Director of Strategic Programs, responsible for the Open Compliance programs encompassing the SPDX, FOSSology, OpenChain, and other compliance-related projects. Kate was one of the founders of SPDX, and is currently the specification lead. Since joining The Linux Foundation, she has also launched Real-Time Linux and Zephyr Project.


With almost 30 years of experience in the software industry, she has held a variety of roles and worked as a developer in Canada, Australia, and the US and for the last 20 years has managed software development teams in the US, Canada, UK, India, and China. She received her Master’s in computer science from the University of Waterloo and her Bachelor’s of computer science (co-op program) from the University of Manitoba.
 






 


Christopher Temple
Lead Safety & Reliability Architect, Arm Germany GmbH











 


Theodore Ts’o
Sr. Staff Engineer, Google











 


Jean-Marie Verdun
Senior Strategist Open Platform, HPE











 


Behan Webster
Principal Consultant, Converse in Code











 


Dr. Han Xiao
Founder & CEO, Jina AI











 


Denise Yu
Senior Software Engineer, GitHub











 


Elena Zannoni
Sr. Engineering Director, Oracle











 


Zhipeng (Howard) Huang
Principle Engineer, Huawei















Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Partner 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Explore the Tracks
Featured Speakers
Program Committee

Experiences
Speed Mentoring
Resume Writing Workshop
Allyship Workshop
Ask the Expert Sessions
Co-Located Events

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








