



Interested in Speaking at an Event? View Upcoming Call for Proposal Deadlines! | Linux Foundation Events





























































Skip to content












Sign
				In
Create
				Community Profile


My LF
					Profile
















About

Meet the Team
Travel Funding
Newsletter
Contact Us


Sponsor
Submit a Talk
Calendar
Code of Conduct




Sign
								In

My
								LF
								Profile

Create
							Community Profile









April 13, 2020
Interested in Speaking at an Event?  View Upcoming Call for Proposal Deadlines!		




Click the buttons to learn more about each upcoming event, suggested topics, submission types, and helpful information and tips for preparing your proposal. 
Good luck!  We look forward to reading your submission.

Closing Soon – Submit Today!



Cloud Foundry Summit North AmericaCFP Closes April 17

LEARN MORE



OpenPOWER Summit North AmericaCFP Closes April 17

LEARN MORE




Upcoming CFP Deadlines



KubeCon + CloudNativeCon North AmericaCFP Opens April 22

LEARN MORE



Automotive Grade Linux All Member MeetingCFP Closes April 24

LEARN MORE



Open Mainframe SummitCFP Closes May 29

LEARN MORE









Post navigation
Linux Foundation, LF Networking, and LF Edge Announce Rescheduled Dates and Full Agenda for Open Networking & Edge Summit North America 2020Check It Out: Event Schedule and Keynote Announcements
 




Join the Linux Foundation mailing list to
			hear about the latest events, news & more



		The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. By submitting this form, you acknowledge that your information is subject to The Linux Foundation's Privacy Policy.
		


Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		








 









