



Linux Security Summit 2021 | Linux Foundation Events


















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Linux Dev Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Linux Dev Events. 



				Linux Security Summit			







September 29 – October 1, 2021
Hyatt Regency Seattle | Seattle, Washington + Virtual
#linuxsecuritysummit


virtual event access
EXPLORE THE SCHEDULE




That’s a wrap on the Linux Security Summit 2021! Thank you to all the attendees, sponsors, and speakers that joined us both in Seattle and virtually this year. 
The event platform will continue to be accessible for 30 days where you can continue to view session recordings. Additionally, all session recordings will be uploaded to our YouTube channel.
Already registered? Access the event platform.

Save the Date for LSS NA & LSS EU 2022
We hope you’ll join us for our 2022 events! Linux Security Summit NA will be taking place the week of June 19. Linux Security Summit EU will be taking place the week of September 11. Exact dates and locations will be announced shortly!


The Linux Security Summit (LSS) is a technical forum for collaboration between Linux developers, researchers, and end-users. Its primary aim is to foster community efforts in analyzing and solving Linux security challenges.



2021 Session Recordings









VIEW ENTIRE PLAYLIST












Sponsors

Host
General 
Supporter 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#linuxsecuritysummit




Health & Safety
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 












