



Summit Gardening Days | Linux Foundation Events


















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Speakers
Summit Gardening Days


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast CI/CD Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  CI/CD Events. 






 


						Summit Gardening Days					





October 19 – November 12 | Summit Gardening Days Repository
Join project contributors from October 19 – November 12 to learn and build at Spinnaker Summit Gardening Days. Earn points for all contributions you make in the 4-week hack period, including project and plugin code, documentation, blog posts, videos, issues, and more. All contributors will receive prizes based on their point totals, so contribute when you can. When you sign up, you’ll enter the team matching process. Teams will compete for prize packages in challenges set by Armory, GitHub, AWS, and more.
Bring your own development environment, or leverage free compute from AWS all month long when you install Spinnaker and develop against it in the hackathon’s managed EKS cluster. To elevate your impact, enjoy a global-friendly schedule, first-class documentation and training resources, welcoming SIGs, and a friendly team of volunteers to greet and assist you. Everyone’s welcome to automate the SDLC and extend the ecosystem with us.

SUMMIT GARDENING DAYS REPOSITORY

Thank you to our Summit Gardening Days sponsors!







Sponsors

PRODUCED BY
DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#spinnakersummit




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Speakers
Summit Gardening Days

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








