



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology EventsPresto Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Sponsor					





SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


At PrestoCon Day, users from industry-leading companies will share use cases and best practices, developers will discuss project features and considerations; and users and developers will collaborate to advance the use of Presto as a high quality, performant, and dependable software used to power the analytics platforms, on-premises or in the cloud, of organizations around the globe.


Sponsorships are available at three levels:
Premier Sponsor: $5kEvent Partner: $2kCommunity Partner: Complimentary








Premier Sponsor
Event Parter
Community Partner








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#prestocon




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








