



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Scholarships					





LF Energy’s diversity scholarship program provides support to those from traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized groups in the technology and/or open source communities (including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTIQ, women, persons of color, and/or persons with dis/abilities) who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend LF Energy events for financial reasons.
A number of scholarships will be provided and recipients will receive complimentary registration to the virtual event, taking place April 14, 2021.
Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request. All application information will be kept confidential.

Registration Scholarship Applications Due: April 9, 2021All Applicants Will be Notified: April 12, 2021
APPLICATION CLOSED







Sponsors

Event Partners
Media Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfenergysummit




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








