



Sponsor | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Attend

About
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Speakers
Anyscale Academy


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsAll Past EventsRay Website 
 













						This event has passed. View upcoming Linux Foundation events. 






 


						Sponsor					






SPONSORSHIPS CLOSED


Ray Summit brings together architects, developers, machine learning engineers, and researchers building the next generation of scalable, distributed, high-performance Python and machine learning applications, including multi-cloud and serverless. The conference will include current users of Ray and those who are interested in learning how Ray can meet their needs.
The conference centers around Ray, an open-source system for scaling Python applications from single machines to large clusters, even multi-cloud, without the limitations of serverless systems. The challenges of these systems, particularly for high-performance machine learning applications, motivated the creation of Ray. Ray is already used at companies like Intel, Ant Financial, JP Morgan, Ericsson, Microsoft, and many others.
The inaugural Ray Summit is the ideal place to achieve the following goals:
Meet potential customers: The best place to meet and interact with people evaluating and actively building scalable Python and large-scale machine learning applications. Understand the trends driving the future of Python and ML/AI: A forum to identify trends in machine learning, AI, and distributed software systems to inform future technology investments.Find new talent: The place to network with skilled Python and machine learning engineers, software architects, and managers.Drive thought leadership: An opportunity to showcase technologies and services to influential Python and machine learning professionals, media, and analysts from around the world.

For more information, contact raysummit@anyscale.com.








Sponsors

platinum
GOLD
Host Sponsor
Community Partners








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


About
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Speakers
Anyscale Academy

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








