



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events





















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Hyperledger EventsHyperledger Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Hyperledger Events. 






 


						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralRegistration Discounts/ScholarshipsParent & Caregiver Inclusion Support: Program for KidsClosed CaptioningAccessibility Resources for SpeakersEvent DemographicsCHAOSS D&I Event BadgeDiversity, Civility, and Inclusion Working GroupContact Us





Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Hyperledger ecosystem, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, dis/ability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.







Registration Discounts/Scholarships

To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based scholarships and discounts to our conferences.
The scholarship application deadline has passed.



Parent & Caregiver Inclusion Support: Program for Kids

Hyperledger wants to make it easier for parents and caretakers, who are statistically more overburdened during COVID-19, to be able to attend a portion of Hyperledger Global Forum free of distraction. This sponsored initiative will include a 45-minute engaging and interactive activity for children ages 5-14 during each time zone’s keynote sessions. A different themed activity will be provided during each segment.
Thank you to Walmart for providing this opportunity.




Closed Captioning

In an effort to be a more diverse and inclusive event, closed captioning will be available during the event for all keynote and breakout sessions. We hope this allows attendees with any difficulties hearing or needing another language to fully participate and enjoy the event.
Languages currently available through Wordly:
English (US)ArabicBengaliChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)Dutch – English (AU)English (UK)French (CA)French (FR)GermanHindiItalianJapaneseKoreanPortuguese (BR)Portuguese (PT)Russian


Accessibility Resources for Speakers

We encourage speakers to review the articles below for information on how to make your presentations more accessible:
Accessibility Tips for PowerPoint Make Your Google Doc or Presentation more Accessible Accessibility for Google Docs Editors


Event Demographics

Below are the opt-in statistics from previous Hyperledger Global Forums. Please note, the attendee demographic questions are optional for speakers and attendees and are based on opt-in only responses.






CHAOSS D&I Event Badge


Awarded to events in the open source community that fosters healthy D&I practices. Learn More


Learn more about Hyperledger’s Diversity, Civility, and Inclusion Working Group (DCI)



The Hyperledger Diversity, Civility and Inclusion Working Group (DCI) is chartered with measuring and improving the health of our open source community. We seek to provide constructive recommendations to the TSC, projects, and working groups. All are welcome to join us and help Hyperledger continue to grow in a diverse, civil, and inclusive way.  Click here to get involved.











Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact the Hyperledger Events Team, events@hyperledger.org.
Learn about Diversity at Linux Foundation Events.


 




Sponsors

DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER
Closed Captioning & Translation
Diversity & Inclusion 
BoF Session
Community Partners
MEDIA PARTNERS








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#hyperledgerforum




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










