



Parent & Caregiver Support Program for Kids | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Hyperledger EventsHyperledger Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Hyperledger Events. 






 


						Parent & Caregiver Support Program for Kids					




In recognition of the hardship many parents have endured during the pandemic and to encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to also offer diversity and need-based scholarships and discounts for parents and caregivers attending our conferences. Thank you to Walmart for sponsoring this opportunity.


Sign Up!


Workers around the world have been deeply affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. While many groups have been impacted, three major groups have experienced some of the largest challenges: working mothers, women in senior management positions, and Black women (McKinsey March 8, 2021). 
The McKinsey report states that this disparity came across as particularly stark with parents of kids under the age of ten: the rate at which women in this group were considering leaving was ten percentage points higher than for men. The New York Times states that in 2020, 4,637,000 million jobs were lost by women. Bhushan Sethi, Joint Global Leader, People and Organization at PwC, summarizes the situation:
“The setbacks that we are experiencing with COVID-19 in terms of the workforce tell a worrisome story. While the impacts are being felt by everyone across the globe, we are seeing women exiting the workforce at a faster rate than men. Women carry a heavier burden than men of unpaid care and domestic work. This has increased during the pandemic, and it is limiting women’s time and options to contribute to the economy. In the labour market, more women work in hard-hit human contact-intensive service sectors  – such as accommodation and food services, and retail trade. With social distancing and lockdowns, these sectors have seen unprecedented job losses.” PwC Women in work index 2021

Given the statistics of this reality that many of us face, Hyperledger wants to make it easier for parents and caretakers who are statistically more overburdened during COVID-19 to be able to attend a portion of Hyperledger Global Forum free of distraction.
In recognition of these staggering statistics, Hyperledger has partnered with Twists N Turns to provide a unique benefit to support parents anTuesday, June 8: 08:00 – 08:50 CESTWednesday, June 9: 17:00 – 17:50 CESTd caregivers to focus on work and learning, all the while knowing that their kids are engaged and exploring a unique instructor-lead, online group activity.
This sponsored initiative will help support Global Forum attendees to have their children in a fun activity class during the keynotes. The opportunity will include a 45-minute engaging and interactive activity for children ages 5-14 during each time zone’s keynote sessions. A different themed activity will be provided during each segment, each day. See below for the descriptions and schedule along with important details.
A Trip to Mars – An Immersive Mystery ExperienceTuesday, June 8: 08:00 – 08:50 CESTWednesday, June 9: 17:00 – 17:50 CESTThe Ghost of Pandora’s Manor – An Immersive Mystery ExperienceTuesday, June 8: 17:00 – 17:50 CESTThursday, June 10: 08:00 – 08:50 CESTA Winter Wonderland – An Immersive Mystery ExperienceWednesday, June 9: 08:00 – 08:50 CESTThursday, June 10: 17:00 – 17:50 CEST
Q: What is the age range for the activities?A: The classes being offered are great for ages 5-14. Anyone in that age range will be challenged and have a very entertaining experience.
Q: Is any special equipment needed?A: Each child needs to have their own computer or iPad with internet access. No additional equipment is required, making participation easy for all.
Q: How will the classes be conducted?A: Classes will be conducted via Zoom. 
Q: In what language are classes presented?A: Classes are only conducted in English, though the instructors make sure to read everything aloud and explain instructions in a way where non-English speaking participants should be able to follow along without English reading or writing skills.
Space for the activities are limited and  are available on a first come, first served basis. Your confirmation will be sent within one week of signing up.


sign up!






Sponsors

DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER
Closed Captioning & Translation
Diversity & Inclusion 
BoF Session
Community Partners
MEDIA PARTNERS








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#hyperledgerforum




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








