



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Hyperledger EventsHyperledger Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Hyperledger Events. 






 


						Scholarships					





Hyperledger’s scholarship program provides support to traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized persons in the technology and/or open source communities (including, but not limited to persons identifying as LGBT, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities) who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend Hyperledger events for financial reasons.
A number of scholarships will be provided and recipients will receive complimentary registration to the virtual event, taking place June 8 – 10, 2021.
Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selections will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request.
Scholarship Applications Due: Friday, May 21 (11:59PM Pacific Time)All applicants will be notified by the week of May 31st.
APPLICATION CLOSED







Sponsors

DIAMOND
PLATINUM
SILVER
Closed Captioning & Translation
Diversity & Inclusion 
BoF Session
Community Partners
MEDIA PARTNERS








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 
#hyperledgerforum




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








