



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Xen EventsXen Project Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Xen Events. 






 


						Scholarships					






The Xen Project is serious about including everyone in our community, so we are reaching out to members of traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized groups in the technology and/or open source communities.
Scholarship recipients will receive a complimentary registration pass to attend Xen Developer & Design Summit 2021. Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request. All application information will be kept confidential.
Eligibility: Applicants must be from a traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized group in the technology and/or open source communities including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQ, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities; and be unable to attend without some financial assistance.
Application Due Date: Friday, May 7, 2021All Applicants Will be Notified By: Friday, May 14, 2021
SCHOLARSHIP APPLICATION CLOSED







Sponsors

platinum 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#xendevsummit




Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








