



Terms + Conditions | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Attend

Virtual Backgrounds
Keep Cloud Native Well
Experiences
Where in the World is Phippy?
Diversity Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Co-Located Events


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. Please visit the upcoming KubeCon + CloudNativeCon Europe. 






 


						Terms + Conditions					




CODE OF CONDUCT
The Cloud Native Computing Foundation is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for participants at all of our events, whether they are held in person or virtually. Linux Foundation events are working conferences intended for professional networking and collaboration in the Linux community. They exist to encourage the open exchange of ideas and expression and require an environment that recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group. While at Linux Foundation events, in-person or virtual, or related ancillary or social events, any participants, including speakers, attendees, volunteers, sponsors, exhibitors, booth staff, and anyone else, should not engage in harassment in any form.
The expanded Code of Conduct contains full details and examples, which cover behavior expectations, unacceptable behavior, and consequences, as well as incident reporting and response protocol.
PHOTO & VIDEO RELEASE
I hereby consent to the photographing of myself and the recording of my voice and the use of these photographs and/or recordings singularly or in conjunction with other photographs and/or recordings for advertising, publicity, commercial or other business purposes for The Cloud Native Computing Foundation. I understand that the term “photograph” as used herein encompasses both still photographs and motion picture footage.
GDPR / DATA PROTECTION & ATTENDEE COMMUNICATION 
By submitting this registration form, you understand that the data you include will be submitted to The Cloud Native Computing Foundation and that The Cloud Native Computing Foundation may contact you regarding this event. Personal data collected from this registration form is subject to The Cloud Native Computing Foundation’s Privacy Policy. 
If applicable, by signing up to attend a Co-Located Event hosted by a third party, you understand that a portion of the data you submit will be provided to the third party, to enable the third party to hold the event. The third parties’ use of the data will be subject to their own privacy policies. 
In order to facilitate networking and business relationships at the event, you may choose to visit a third party’s virtual booth or to access sponsored content. You are never required to visit third party booths or to access sponsored content. When visiting a booth (e.g. by clicking on a third party’s logo in the exhibit hall or exhibitor directory, and any actions within the booth thereafter including viewing resources), when accessing sponsored sessions in the demo theater, accessing virtual swag provided by sponsors, or by participating in sponsored activities, the third party will receive some of your registration data. This data includes your First Name, Last Name, Title, Company, Address, Email, Standard Demographics Questions (I.e. Company Size, Job Function, Industry), and details about the sponsored content or resources you interacted with. If you choose to interact with a virtual booth or access sponsored content, you are explicitly consenting to receipt and use of such data by the third-party recipients, which will be subject to their own privacy policies.





Sponsors

DIAMOND
Platinum
GOLD
SILVER
START-UP
END USER
DIVERSITY SUPPORTERS
MEDIA PARTNERS 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 






 


Virtual Backgrounds
Keep Cloud Native Well
Experiences
Where in the World is Phippy?
Diversity Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Co-Located Events

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








