



About | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Program Committee
Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  KubeCon + CloudNativeCon + other CNCF Events. 






 


						About					





Cloud Native Security Day is designed to foster collaboration, discussion and knowledge sharing of discuss cloud native security projects and how to best use these to address security challenges and opportunities. The goal is not just to propose solutions that incrementally improve what has come before, but to give room to breakthrough technology and advances in modern security approaches. Topics of sessions and lightning talks presented by expert practitioners include architecture and policy, secure software development, supply chain security, identity and access, forensics, and more.
In addition to engaging sessions, a hosted Capture The Flag (CTF) learning experience will run in parallel to the event for attendees to learn first hand practical attack and defense techniques.

Capture The Flag
Delve deeper into the dark and mysterious world of Kubernetes security! Exploit a supply chain attack and start your journey deep inside the target infrastructure, exploit your position to hunt and collect the flags, and hopefully learn something new and wryly amusing along the way!
Attendees can play six increasingly beguiling and demanding scenarios to bushwhack their way through the dense jungle of Kubernetes security. Everybody is welcome, from beginner to hardened veteran, as we venture amongst the low-hanging fruits of insecure configuration and scale the lofty peaks of cluster compromise!
Note: Registration for Cloud Native Security Day Europe is required to participate in Capture The Flag.









Sponsors

DIAMOND
platinum
BoF
Capture The Flag Event Partner
HOSTED BY 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#cnsecurityday




Scholarships
Diversity + Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Program Committee
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








