



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 






 


						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralScholarships & Travel FundingCaptioningCHAOSS D&I Event BadgeContact Us

Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Linux ecosystem, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.
Below are the opt-in statistics from the Open Networking & Edge Summit 2020 event. Please note, attendee demographic questions are optional for speakers and attendees, and are based on opt-in only responses.



Attendee Gender
Men – 76%Women – 14%Non-Binary – 1%Prefer Not to Answer – 9%


Geographic Representation
71 Countries





Scholarships
Provided By

To encourage and increase the participation of a diverse community, we are pleased to offer diversity and need-based scholarships and discounts to our conferences.

LEARN MORE




Captioning

Live captioning is available in English during the event via the Live Caption feature in Google Chrome. Please click here for instructions on how to use this feature, as well as tips and customization features. 
For captioning in other languages, conference recordings will be posted to the Linux Foundation YouTube channel within 4 weeks of the conclusion of the event.  YouTube offers captioning in over 50 languages.




CHAOSS D&I Event Badge


Awarded to events in the open source community that fosters healthy D&I practices. Learn More



Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Angela Brown, SVP & General Manager of Events, at angela@linuxfoundation.org.


 




Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Supported By
Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#onesummit + #k8sedgeday




Register
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










