



Scholarships | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 






 


						Scholarships					




Skip to page sectionScholarshipsQuestions?

Scholarships
Provided By

The Linux Foundation’s Registration Scholarship program exists to support individuals who may not otherwise have the opportunity to attend Linux Foundation events in two categories:


Diversity Registration Scholarships
Eligibility Requirements: Applicants must be from a traditionally underrepresented and/or marginalized group in the technology and/or open source communities who are unable to attend without some financial assistance. Including, but not limited to: persons identifying as LGBTQIA, women, persons of color, and/or persons with disabilities. 


Need-based Registration Scholarships
Eligibility Requirements: Individuals who apply should be active members of the open source community who are unable to attend for financial reasons and are unable to get funding from their companies.


Registration Scholarship recipients will receive a complimentary registration pass. Registration Scholarships are awarded based on a combination of need and impact. Selection will be made by an assembled group of reviewers who will assess each applicant’s request. 
Applicants can be approved for up to 2 (two) Registration Scholarships per calendar year.
Registration Scholarship Application Deadline: October 7, 2021All Applicants Notified By: October 8, 2021

APPLICATION CLOSED




Questions?
Reach out to scholarships@linuxfoundation.org and a member of our team will be in touch.


 




Sponsors

Diamond
Platinum
Gold
Silver
Bronze
Supported By
Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#onesummit + #k8sedgeday




Register
Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










