



Register | Linux Foundation Events




















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge EventsDPDK Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 






 


						Register					





DPDK APAC Summit is free to attend, however registration is required. 
REGISTRATION CLOSED



Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org. 

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@linuxfoundation.com. 
If you would like to substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation, return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’, and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#DPDKSummitAPAC




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








