



Register | Linux Foundation Events

























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Featured Speakers
Contact Us


View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Networking & Edge Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Networking & Edge Events. 






 


						Register					





Attendee Registration: $50
EVENT CLOSED



Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact cfp@linuxfoundation.org for more details.
SponsorsA registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email events@linuxfoundation.org.
MediaIf you are a member of the media interested in attending this event and have not received a complimentary access code to attend, please contact events@linuxfoundation.org and a member of our PR team will be in touch.

DISCOUNTS
Linux Foundation MembersLinux Foundation Members are eligible to receive complimentary registration. Please email events@linuxfoundation.org to request the LF Member discount code. 
LFN & LF Edge MembersLFN and LF Edge Members are eligible to receive complimentary registration. Please email events@linuxfoundation.org to request the LFN or LF Edge discount code.
Non-Profit ProfessionalsProfessionals who work at a tax-exempt organization as defined by the IRS may receive a 20% discount on the applicable, full-event registration rate. Please email events@linuxfoundation.org for a discount code. Please note: this discount may not be combined with any additional discounts. Professionals must submit proof of employment as a tax-exempt organization before receiving this discount.

SCHOLARSHIPS
Learn more about scholarships available for Open Networking & Edge Executive Forum.

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister.” If you need further assistance, email events@linuxfoundation.com. Refunds will only be issued for cancellations received two weeks before the start date of the event and may take up to 14 days to process. We have waived all processing fees.
If you are unable to attend, you may substitute another attendee in lieu of cancellation. To substitute an attendee, you may return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.






Sponsors

PLATINUM
PARTNERS 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#opennetedge




Register
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Featured Speakers
Contact Us






Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








