



About | Linux Foundation Events
















































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Community Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Applications EventsOpenAPI Initiative Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Applications Events. 






 


						About					





The API Specifications Conference (ASC) is a place for API practitioners to come together and discuss the evolution of API technology. In its second year, ASC includes cutting edge technology keynotes and sessions that chart the future of APIs with in-depth specification and standards discussions. The event is designed to be highly interactive with plenty of discussion time during sessions in order to facilitate interaction. 
OpenAPI Specifications, RAML, Blueprint, gRPC, OData, JSON Schema, GraphQL, Asynch.API and other formats will all be topics at the event, enabling attendees to get familiar with these formats and discuss how to use them in practice. 
The event has its origins in the API Strategy and Practice Conference (APIStrat) which ran for many years and became part of the OpenAPI Initiative in 2016. The collaborative spirit and community from APIStrat continue through the ASC event and we look forward to many of the same lively conversations and debates! 
API practitioners including API developers, API Operations teams, API Designers and Enterprise Architects will attend ASC 2020. Content at the event will range from beginner introductions to API specifications all the way through best practice and cutting edge specialist topics.
Organized by







Sponsors

EVENT SUPPORTER








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Community Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








