



Register | Linux Foundation Events























































Skip to content







 







Register
Attend

About
Community Scholarships
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Applications EventsOpenAPI Initiative Website 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Applications Events. 






 


						Register					





Registration Cost: $39
ASC 2020 will donate $10 of your registration fee to the nonprofit organization, Code2040, in support of their mission to dismantle the structural barriers that prevent the full participation and leadership of Black and Latinx people in the innovation economy.  You can learn more about their values here.
REGISTRATION CLOSED


Our registration system is now integrated with the Linux Foundation Single sign-on (SSO) platform. After clicking “Register Now”, you will be prompted to log in with your existing SSO account or to create a new one.
If you have forgotten the password for an existing account, reset it by clicking “Forgot Password.”
You will also be able to use 3rd party authentication providers (Gmail, GitHub, LinkedIn, and Facebook) to automatically generate your SSO Account.
If you experience issues, click the “Contact Us” link on the SSO page to connect with our support team.


Quick Note: We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to ascevents@linuxfoundation.org. 
SpeakersYou should have received a registration link in your acceptance email. If you did not, please contact ascevents@linuxfoundation.org for more details.
SponsorsA registration link was shared in an email to your company’s sponsorship contact. Please reach out to your company’s sponsorship contact if you need to register as a Sponsor. For further questions, please email ascevents@linuxfoundation.org.
MediaIf you are a member of the media interested in attending this event and have not received a complimentary access code to attend, please contact ascevents@linuxfoundation.org and a member of our PR team will be in touch.

DISCOUNTS
Group DiscountsIf you have a group of 5 or more people, you can receive a 10% discount on all passes. All pass types must be the same, and all registrations must be processed under one group registration and must be paid with the same credit card. To create a group, select “Add Another Person” to your registration. When 5 or more people are added the 10% discount will be automatically applied. Please note: this discount may not be combined with any additional discounts. Please contact ascevents@linuxfoundation.org for any questions.

CANCELLATIONS & SUBSTITUTIONS
If you must cancel for any reason, log back into your registration using your confirmation number and select “unregister” or email us at ascevents@linuxfoundation.org. Refunds will only be issued for cancellations received two weeks prior to the event start date and may take up to 14 days to process. We have waived the processing fees.
To substitute an attendee, you may return to the registration form, log in as ‘Already Registered’ and edit the registration with the new attendee’s information. Utilizing this feature will also allow you to re-issue yourself a receipt and/or confirmation should you need it.

SCHOLARSHIPS
Learn more about our scholarship program!






Sponsors

EVENT SUPPORTER








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 


Register
About
Community Scholarships
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








