



Program Committee | Linux Foundation Events






















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Sponsor
Program

Schedule
Program Committee


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology Events 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Program Committee					





Thank you to our event Program Committee members!






 


Lucian Balea
Deputy Director of R&D and Open Source Director, Réseau de Transport d’Électricité





Lucian is Deputy Director of R&D and Open Source Director at RTE. He is leading the open source strategy of RTE which aims at moving the digitalization of the power grid into a new era. Early 2018 he started a collaboration with The Linux Foundation to launch LF Energy, an open source coalition to speed technological innovation and support the energy transition across the world.
 






 


Gianluca Dianese
Director, Ideasforum Innovation Hub & Vice Chair, Smart Energy Committee, FIWARE Foundation











 


Ken Dulaney, PE
Director of Industry and Innovation, FREEDM Systems Center at NC State











 


Naveen Goswamy, P.Eng., M.A.Sc., ASEP
Science & Technology Advisor, Office of Energy R&D, Natural Resources Canada











 


Benoît Jeanson
Strategic Member, LF Energy TAC Representative & R&D Program Manager, RTE





Benoît is an enterprise architect for RTE, where his main goal is to spread the open source culture. He supports RTE’s project teams in their development and/or integration of open source communities and involvement in LF Energy. Benoît entered RTE in 2002 and has held various positions mainly focusing on the power system operations to project leadership.
 






 


Judith Scheperboer-Bol
OSPO Community Manager, Alliander















Sponsors

Event Partners
Media Partners 






Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 





 
#lfenergysummit




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Sponsor
Schedule
Program Committee

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 








