



Diversity & Inclusion | Linux Foundation Events





















































Skip to content







 







Attend

Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct


Program

Schedule


Contact Us
View All Events
EventsAll Upcoming EventsPast Emerging Technology EventsPresto Homepage 
 













						This event has passed. View the upcoming  Emerging Technology Events. 






 


						Diversity & Inclusion					




Skip to page sectionGeneralCHAOSS D&I Event BadgeContact Us


Education and collaboration are vital to the future of the Presto community, and it is imperative to us that everyone in the community that wants to participate feels welcome to do so regardless of gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, dis/ability, race, ethnicity, age, religion or economic status. Our code of conduct outlines our expectations for all those who participate in our community, as well as the consequences for unacceptable behavior.Below are the opt-in statistics from the 2020 PrestoCon event. Please note, the attendee demographic questions are optional for speakers and attendees, and are based on opt-in only responses.


Attendee Gender
Man: 75%Woman: 17%Non-Binary: 1%Prefer Not to Answer: 7%

Identification With an Underrepresented Group in Technology (Race/Ethnicity, Dis/Ability, LGBTQ, etc)5%


Speaker Gender
Man: 88%Woman: 8%Non-Binary: 0%Prefer Not to Answer: 4%

Geographic Representation26 countries






CHAOSS D&I Event Badge


Awarded to events in the open source community that fosters healthy D&I practices. Learn More


Contact Us With Ideas

If you have ideas on how we can create a more inclusive event, please do not hesitate to let us know. Contact Colleen Mickey, Director of Event Services at cmickey@linuxfoundation.org. 


 




Premier Sponsor
Event Parter
Community Partner








Join our mailing list to hear all the latest about events, news and more

 
	The Linux Foundation uses the information you provide to us to contact you about upcoming events. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information, please see our Privacy Policy.	




 




 
#prestocon




Diversity & Inclusion
Code of Conduct

Schedule

Contact Us





Copyright © 2023 The Linux Foundation®. All rights reserved. The
			Linux Foundation has registered trademarks and uses trademarks. For
			a list of trademarks of The Linux Foundation, please see our Trademark Usage page. Linux is a
			registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Terms of Use |
			Privacy
				Policy | Bylaws | Antitrust
				Policy | Good
				Standing Policy.

		We never sell attendee lists or contact information, nor do we authorize others to do so. If you receive an email claiming to sell an attendee list for a Linux Foundation event, please forward it to events@linuxfoundation.org.
		Forms on this site are protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
		


 










